reviewDescription
Customer service agents are there when you need them no long hold times always willing to help and assist help with every question and concern that you have no worry no pain great treatment
2nd loan with them is easy and quick. It’s all online customer service support is also great. Never have any issues. The app could use a bit of an update. I don’t like how it doesn’t show your balance unless you click on pay in full option.
Avant has some of the worst customer service that I have ever experienced. They refuse to help and communicate with him even though I have had surgery done on my vocal chords. Their solution was for me to hire someone to go into more debt in order to pay off their debt. By far the worst experience I’ve had and I do not recommend anyone using this company for a credit card
"I’m just appreciative of the quick response the folks gave me when getting the card. Absolutely no issues at this time, nor do I anticipate any. The few negative comments when googling are just that. Nothing! I’m cool with Avant__"
"When I called to explain my card problems, they take care of it right away and I love the customer service they provide me."
"The company is honest and does just what it tells you it will do. It does not ask unreasonable things to see if you qualify. The communication is prompt, easy, and professional and always up to date. Avant is a solid way to rebuild my credit with a company that is already secure. My experience is been nothing but a five star experience. Judy Kimberly
"
"Very quick. Very easy. Advant needed certain information and their website makes it very easy to navigate and upload it.
Approved in short time and money deposited when they said it would be.
Very happy."
Avant gave me a chance with my bad credit history. I'm in the rebuilding process of getting on the right side of my credit report. And thanks to avant I'm able to do that. They make paying so quick and easy. The application process was a breeze. I highly recommend this card to anyone that needs a second chance
"Excellent service. Their app is very clear and easy to use. They had prompt and courteous answers when I called with questions. Altogether a pleasant experience, and a deposit was in my account within a day after the application was finished."
After looking into credit card consolidation I decided my best bet was a small loan. Avant made the process easy. I liked being able to handle the process online. I felt the verification was thorough and safe. My money was deposited quickly. It came with autopay ready to go which is a plus. No use fixing credit cards if you mess up with the loan. Overall would recommend.
"Getting a loan was fast, even when I refinanced the original loan, Avant made it easy and simple. I would definitely recommend Avant!!!"
Thorough process but easy to apply. I’m grateful for the help to move forward in life financially.
"I'm giving five stars because my experience so far has been positive. I haven't received my card yet but my initial credit line is $2,000 and I'm happy with that. There is no annual fee as well. They're welcome email was quick along with the terms of the credit card which I appreciated. I'm hoping the rest of my experience will be a positive one."
Why have you put my account in exceededed credit when I have made a payment that exceeded the minimum required?
I hadn't planned on using the card but was placed in a situation where I was so glad I had that option available to me.
"Geld vas in account very quickly, I consolidated a credit card and paid off 2 loans that balanced under $500, I could’ve asked for more but this was to kill (most) of mu debt, spent 6 years learning Amerikan credit, very good to get cards under 30% and be rid of high interest. Having bad credit is a struggle and ur stuck with 30% rates which Is very high and punished the poor. I am way more fruggle and didn’t want s loan aber the rates were sö good i knew consolidated is what I needed! Please be thankful for the simplicity of a single payment with many options on how to pay. Paying towards principal every month along with payment is very smart also. I hope this helps!"
"Quick, hassle free online experience and money was deposited in my account the very next day."
"The experience from the beginning to the end was smoothly. I provided what was requested, review the offer, accept and I was approved. All the process in maybe 30 minutes. I'm very happy. I recommended Avant."
"My wallet was stolen with in days of receiving the new card. This Credit card was in my wallet. I stopped it with in Hours of doing a police report and then received a New One in a week that totally saved the Day for a well planned 40th birthday party for my son!!!’
Everything was exceptional in working with this Company! S. Warren"
Loan was approved received funds the next day the process was quick and hassle free
I had applied in February which you all pulled a hard inquiry for and after I completed all 4 of my additional information you said the application was expired but I had done everything I was supposed to do and was waiting on a answer. Then you all pulled another hard inquiry for the March application. I would like one of the hard inquiries to get removed from my credit report. Thanks
So far this is one of the better cards I use often and haven't had any issues with. Every one of my other cards takes time to do just about anything from payments posting to credit line increases. I had an instant credit line increase with my request which is nice after having to wait three days to a week before receiving a response with my other cards.
"Fast, easy, website functionality is excellent. Rates are high of course."
I am new to Avant. The company makes the card easy and simple to use with problems. Love it. I would highly recommend this card to everyone.
I recommend avant to anyone it is a really good card they give credit increases and you can pay with your debit card so payments are cleared fast
Being a returning customer and having some information already in place made it easier to apply and more importantly it was easy to upload the forms/documents that were needed.
"I paid off my cc balance on due date which is 7th made no purchases at all before my statement date which is the 11th, and they still hit me with an interest fee for no purchases and ZERO balance!!!! Rip Off!"
Love this Company They had an easy application prosses and turnaround answer in seconds. I received my credit card sooner than expected and have easy online services to review your statement and credit line.
"Had a problem getting activated.
One phone call two minutes later I’m good to go!!!!"
The experience was great due to the easy effort needed for your reply. You really came through for me at a time when I was in a worrisome situation and I can't thank you enough.
Always been a help in increasing my credit score. Fair increases in credit and great customer service. Love the app it is so easy to navigate and understand.
They gave a great starting credit limit. When you make payment they post payments in a prompt timeline. I am very pleased with my decision to apply for the card.
"Easy understandable application, fast review and decision, on approval I didn’t wait long for my new card. Using the app available makes checking my account so easy and making payments too."
I was very disappointed with this company. I applied through Credit Karma and was told I had an outstanding chance of being approved. I went the through the entire process even getting a hard inquiry on my credit report which I was told would not happen until I accepted the loan. I was even sent a promissory note with all of the loan details. Sent in all the requested documents and speaking with a couple of representatives. Only to be told that my loan was denied. A waste of time if you ask me.
"I have used card several times and it was great until I got a decline at grocery. Come to find out because I had used my card a lot in a few days AVANT put a hold on it. I had to call and ask why! They then released the hold and all is good.
I wish they would have notified me about the hold instead of me asking.
I love the phone automation so much faster than talking to someone. I
All set aside Ireally like AVANT!"
"No problems a year in. Take a while to process payments, but resolves questions promptly."
"The application process was very easy, this is my second time using Avant. I highly recommend them to others."
Fair and very quick I mean I'm just rebuilding my credit and I almost can't believe how quick this really happened and how easy it is and I like the app and the software seems very clean and clear.
The process was easy to secure a loan upon approval it took a short time then the money was transferred to my account
"I am a new card member, but the process to apply was fairly easy ( a minor issue caused me to have to start over ).

My initial limit was smaller than I had expected, but I am hopeful that my responsible use and payments will lead to higher limits."
2 payments were taken out of my account in 1 month when I authorized 1 scheduled payment. It takes 2-3 days for them to take your money but now I have to wait 2-3 weeks to get my money back that was needed. Very inconvenient!
Very helpful for those with okay credit. The application and decision come quickly as the funds are sent to ones account fast as well.
Everyone I'd knowledgeable and great to deal with.
Easy and fast transaction. Got the money really quick into my account
I have had such a wonderful experience with Avant. Refinancing my loan was a breeze! Thank you so very much!
"9 times out of 10 that I try to use my card, it declines. I have already called and she said she would get it fixed and it would be working again within a few minutes. It NEVER worked again until several days later and then only worked once every couple of days. I would NEVER recommend this card to anyone!!! I'm paying it off and cutting it up. Below, it asks for my date of experience, but it's basically been since I received the card. Don't waste your time or give them your money!!"
The process was easy. Answer a few questions about your income and other things and done.
"Excellent Card To Use, Great With Making On Purchases And The Credit Limits Are Awesome."
"Well.. with The cost of living rising all the time… People like me on a very limited income, and I do mean limited … need more help! And that is what I found here literally had no money in this came through the mail and I don’t respond but I was somewhat desperate, and I took it as a sign. I’m very happy that I did!"
The card arrived in a reasonable amount of time. The website is easy to use. So far it's all good.
Fast and easy approval process and funding the next day. This lowered my monthly payments by $100.00 a month and my interest rate is a lot lower than my credit cards. This was a life saver financially.
The app was very user friendly straightforward and money was deposited on a timely basis.
The card is very convenient and useful
Avant has always handled my issues so quickly. This is precisely my type of credit card. Thanks
The traction was clear and understandable efficiently done. Thank you
I thought 29%APR was terrible when I agreed to your Credit card. 2 months after using card. Your Advant company raised that APR to 33%. Unbelievable!! I would have never chosen card at that rate! Your a horrible credit card!!
I really find joy with having a Avant credit card. It has truly been a pleasure working with you guys.
It was simple to apply and when I called the number for questions they answered quickly and were efficient and helpful each time.
It was very simple and explanatory.
So easy to apply and approved in minutes! Funds received the next day! Would highly recommend!!
"I’m a dad of 3. I share custody with my ex. Before my split, I owned a house and my credit was in the high 700’s. Plenty of offers for c/c. It made life easier/better. Christmas, birthday vacations , random emergencies could be handled and slowly paid off.
The divorce was brutal leaving me, among other things, in financial ruin. It’s been over 5 years and I have built a nice life for me and my kids. The only thing that still plagued me was my credit. Credit that my ex destroyed. (I know, I know. Poor me)

I’m in a better situation now with a good job. I pay my bills, taxes, etc. yet no company would give me a chance to prove I can be trusted again with a line of credit.
Holidays, bdays became much more..limited. Vacations were non existent. And random emergencies were simply not allowed!

AVANT is giving me the chance to feel more secure in life. Much more able to truly enjoy the small things that are often overlooked when money is a constant worry."
This company reward you for doing good on your account. I have only had this card almost 2 years and in that time. I have gotten 2 credit increase totaling a 1000.00 dollars this is a great card to have
The process was easy . Once I was approved my money was in my account within 24 hrs
When you have a problem with you card the customer service person that helped me me was very professional explained to me in detail and solved my credit card questions
Is almost impossible to pay i have done a bit over 6 payments already and have not gone down even a 10%
I have not been with Avant very long. I find the card very easy to use. They are easy to work with. I have signed up for auto pay and will have my payments withdrawn directly from my checking account. Then I will never miss a payment. Very convenient.
I requested a credit increase just to help improve my FICO scores and it was approved immediately.
It gives me flexibility when I choose to use credit
"The best credit card ever with lots of other services, i put my payments first and they gave increases and short years later I have other cards loans etc, thank you for changing my financial life!!!!"
Quick fast and easy process!!! Needed money in a pinch and Avant came through. Second time using the service. Excellent work!!
"At avant, the process for a personal loan was very simple. The terms were very clear and transparent. The funds were deposited within 24hrs of the application approval."
The process was easy and loan transfer was made in a timely manner.
The process to apply is very easy. And it gives people working on bettering their Credit Scores a chance to better thirs
"I don't recommend only of you want to destroy your credit score. Declined with 3600 euro salary monthly from 2 jobs after tax. Also having 2 small loans with them, always paid on time (6 months remaining to pay) and no other loans anywhere. One full time job with 2800 euro paid monthly and one partime 160 weekly.I was called by a person from their company asking me if my salary from the part time job is my monthly salary, they already having the last 6 payslips (3 from full time job and 3 from part time job). You will realize how well informed the gentleman who called me was.(this staff is totally beside the point). Was provided the last 6 payslips from both jobs. Customer care ....:))), people who check the documents ... :)))"
"My experience has been great, mostly because this is the first Credit card-not debit, wouldn't allow charges/purchases on residential payments not associated with the address different from the account."
Avant was easy to work with and the application process was quick. They sent me a response in a timely manner. I would use them again in the future.
It is awesome there are companies out there that still help the little guy. Just wish rated were better. Thank you.
Awesome __ and wonderful company is a pleasure to do business
Giving me another chance to build my credit. And the app is great when paying your bill.
Love the service I am receiving from Avant. You guys have my back when I needed credit as soon as possible.
The site is easy to figure out and easy to do online payments.
Ease of applying and the app is very clear with no hidden information
This was the easiest application I have ever done. It was so simple and easy. I am really computer illiterate but this was so simple done it right from my phone.
Inquiring through your online account makes it quick and not having to go through the hoops.
My experience is good so far haven't been with them long so we will see.
no issues with this card at all when time of using
Excellent customer support and a very good credit card thank you __
"TL;DR: Questionable applications opened & poor customer service. Transparency is the issue.


I was offered a 2% rewards card if I applied and opened a new account with Avant through Credit Karma. I did as told. I discovered that two applications were opened when I applied in February 2024.

This concerned me; so,I emailed Avant support asking if the card I was approved for was still a rewards card. (I hadn’t received anything in the mail yet.) I was told to call. I did. I was told that it was in fact the rewards card. I also was told via email that I would receive a separate email verifying the rewards portion. I never did. I tried emailing again and received another ‘call support’ response. So I did. Then the system was down; no help again.

I decided to make an approximate $15 purchase to see if any rewards would generate. Nothing. I called again today (05March2024) and was told that it wasn’t a rewards card and that I can’t have two cards. I tried to explain that I only applied for the one. I was given a scripted response. I asked for a supervisor. I was told one wasn’t available and to request a callback when one was. I then closed my account.

I will not work with a company that cannot provide a straight answer; especially when it appears that two applications were opened at once without my consent. If you never have to ask for support, this card will be ideal.

Please improve communication."
It is an excellent credit card. Thank you
"It's OK not that great, I didn't like giving them my password to my checking account. I have yet heard from them on how to make a payment."
Great avant team.simple straightforward format.
The process was smooth and simple and received the money on time as promised
Being given an opportunity to be able to manage my finances with credit.
This card is easily accepted where I used it
"Thank you for trusting me to give me a loan. I had gotten in a bind a few months ago and had to go take out a loan with a loan company with 28% interest. I was paying $249 a month. Now I can breath with the lower interest rate I got from Avant and a lower monthly payment.
Thank you
Patsy"
Great swrvice
I was a very easy process and I was approved and had the money in my account in just a few days.
"Insanely high fee for such a small loan.
Quick but overall feel taken advantage of by fee amount."
The first 4 times I tried to used I got declined. I had to call and get the card unlocked each time. After that I have only used it at the same place a couple more times. I am afraid to use it anywhere or depend on it because it may get declined at any time.
Everything from beginning to end was simple. It was quick and easy.
They approved me easily and quickly
The security that the company takes to verify that you are the person actually applying
"Easy, on-line, no annoying phone calls."
"Date of experience: March 15, 2024"
I’m have too many place declines you card __
The card came fast. A great way to build credit and get perks
I was hacked 2 times didn't even use the card at all.
The whole process was fast and very simple.
"Avant easy to understand technology about their, goals and enjoys helping their customers."
Easy and quick application process. App keeps me up to date on my account.
no phone option to hear charges...Every time I call i get asked how much is my income ???
I applied for this card and received it with in a week.. and they are a good company to do business with..so happy that they gave me a chance.. __
fast and easy service
"Received card and it works like it is suppose to. The process was clean and easy.
Thank You"
"Date of experience: February 15, 2024"
Easily approved for and had an answer within 5 minutes.
"I made two payments ahead of time ,and on web site it states that am overdrawn. You need to update your website."
Assistance in a timely
It was easy to make a payment and it showed what was happening to my account.
"After using the Avant Credit Card, I feel compelled to share my excellent experience."
"The application process was easy and my card came quick,"
Hello with the inflation they were very helpful for me __
"With the cost going up and up. I needed some help. With bills going the highest of the year. Wasn't hard to get the help I needed. And my score went up , that help also. Outstanding company ."
Easy guidance and process.
Great customer service. Quick delivery of funds.
"I wouldn't even give 1 star if not for wanting to review. I have this card and i have made at least 4 payments on a $500 credit limit .I made a payment online in January no problem,then i made my scheduled payment of $25 on Febuary 17th ON TIME & OVER THE PHONE TO A CUSTOMER SERVICE REP. THOUGHT EVERYTHING WAS GOOD ....BUT THEN YESTERDAY I GET A LETTER STATING I OWED $64 INCLUDING A $25 LATE CHARGE ...I PAYED MY PAYMENT DUE ON THE 17TH & IT IS THE 28TH... SO I GET ON THE PHONE AND THIS BEGAN MY HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE WITH THESE PPL THAT COULD BARELY SPEAK ENGLISH .....SO THE CSR LOOKED UP MY INFO AND TELLS ME THAT YES IT IS SHOWING THAT I MADE A PAYMENT ON FEBRUARY 17TH AND THEN IT WAS CANCELED....UUUMMM NO MA'AM I DID NOT CANCEL ANYTHING...WHY IN THE HELL WOULD I MAKE A PAYMENT, BY PHONE TO AN AGENT, AND THEN CANCEL IT ...I HAVE OVERDRAFT SO THERE WAS NO CHANCE THE MONEY WASN'T THERE....WELL THIS WOMAN ARGUED ME DOWN THAT IT WAS ME OR MY BANK THAT DID THIS NOT THEM ...OK SO I WENT TO THE BANK AND THERE WAS NO SIGN OF ANY TRANSACTION TO THEM ON THAT DATE ,I CALL BACK AND A DIFFERENT RUDE AGENT PROCEEDED TO TELL ME THE SAME THING AS THE FIRST RUDE WOMAN ...NOW MIND YOU THE FIRST THING THEY SAY IS ""YOUR CALL IS BEING RECORDED FOR SECURITY PURPOSES"" SO I TELL THEM OK I SHOULD'VE BEEN RECORDED MAKING MY PAYMENT TO YOUR AGENT RIGHT ....NO THEY TELL ME NO MA'AM WE CAN'T FIND WHO IT WAS WITH ...BUT THEY CAN SEE WHERE I PAID TO AN AGENT WITH A DEBIT CARD ...THEN CANCELED IT THE SAME DAY __ I CALL BS ...YES I GOT IRATE AT THIS POINT AND I USE QUITE A FEW ""COLORFUL"" WORDS BECAUSE THESE PPL ARE JUST RIDICULOUSLY RUDE & FOR THE LOVE OF GOD CAN ANYBODY IN THERE SPEAK DECENT ENGLISH !!!! SO I JUST FINALLY SCREAM TO THIS RUDE & CLUELESS WOMAN THAT I WOULD BE PAYING THIS CARD OFF TODAY MARCH 1ST & THEY CAN COUNT ON ME TELLING EVERYBODY TO NOT APPLY FOR THIS CARD"
Amazing customer service. Good interest rates. Very easy to navigate service
I love this card. It's is handy when i need something the last minute and eay to pay off and helps my credit __
"Date of experience: March 10, 2024"
"The application process is simple, the website is very user friendly when uploading requires documents, and I received an approval very quickly."
Did not realize loan was that expensive
The process of filling out the application was very easy .
"Date of experience: March 17, 2024"
"It's easy way to build your credit they are easy and fast to work with
"
Fast and friendly customer service. Credit card is awesome
I had a real good experience. Thank you
It was easy to and understandable set up and use thank you
Excellent Customer Service and Care. Quick response and timely delivery!
I only get paid 1 time per month and really needed my due date changed. They advised me they do not change due dates.
"Date of experience: March 01, 2024"
Fast smooth application process and the opportunity to bui
They listen to customers
"You listened, you understood, you gave me a chance. Blessings to you."
"Excellent Company
Process was efficient
Totally recommend this company"
Quick and easy. Fast response
Avant- thank you for my new credit card.
You can use it anywhere. Love that they gave me a second chance .
Everything is going good with the card and I have used it for my car needs
I have had a great experience with Avant wonderful company with great service!
Great the answer was bery good and fast
The first credit card that I love
Easy access
Great card. Great service. Easy to manage. So far so good.
Not too difficult to navigate through the process
"I love the app, it is easy to use and very well designed."
Simple. Elegant. Easy.
"Date of experience: March 11, 2024"
Great app and service
"Awesome customer service.
Very responsive and reasonable."
Easy access
"Date of experience: March 16, 2024"
Really was looking for help ...thank you for that. God bless
I wanted to have this card for emergencies. This is a great card for me.
It's hard to use the app but the card is eazy
"Date of experience: February 19, 2024"
Greatest decision ever
Easy to apply for
"Date of experience: March 17, 2024"
Quick and easy to apply
"Date of experience: March 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 07, 2024"
"Was smooth and Hassel free,"
Very prompt and satisfying responses
Great credit card
Great! Company
Requested a credit line increase and was immediately approved.
"Date of experience: March 09, 2024"
Easy process on card
"Date of experience: February 26, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 29, 2024"
"every easy to use the card, thanks"
very easy to deal with. quick. great results
You helped when I needed money the most
The money is there when it is needed
"Date of experience: March 15, 2024"
Great people
"Great, innovative app."
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 02, 2024"
"Professional, proficient, customer & consumer friendly!"
Outstanding service and fast approval
Detail instructions.
"Date of experience: March 14, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 01, 2024"
Outstanding Performance
Good job thank you
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 02, 2024"
Excellent service
"Date of experience: February 29, 2024"
the whole process was done professionally and in a timely manner the assistance was respectful no thought about it
Avant was one of the first companies to give me a credit card. Had for 3 years and my cl went from 500 to 3000. Pay your bills responsibility and on time and get automatic increases. Applied for a loan and was approved in 5 minutes and received money the next day. Thanks Avant
So far I’ve not had any problems with my card customer service was great each time I’ve called
Yes was great I love to be part of this company they really are very helpful always.It good to have this company .
Received money very quickly. Easy loan application and money was in my account in 24 hours.
Very quick process and extremely easy to apply. Excellent customer service. Funding next day.
I think Avant was a great choice of cards I have made...also I appreciate it that I was approved...Thank You
"Easy process, answer seconds
Love the cyber card ______"
Everything is great love my new card . Thank you
"Fast service.
"
Easy to make payments.
So easy to complete the application and secure this loan. The money was deposited a day before I was expecting it. I would highly recommend Avant.
"I have trying to get a personal
Loan from
Few different companies but everyone have high origination fees around 10% an d finally found AVANT with less than 5% of origination fees"
New customer haven’t made first payment yet.But everything else has been fine
"They we're fast and speedy, 24 hours , business was done effectively."
"Applying for a refinance was really easy, and the rates are fair for people with less than perfect credit. Overall I'm satisfied with the company but some months I'd like to pay on my loan a little early and your app doesn't give me that option,. This needs to be fixed!!"
"Having someone to trust me.
"
You responded quickly when I applied and I’m not having any problems using my new card excellent service
"The process was easy and fast, very satisfied with this service, I do recommend it!"
Convenient
Very easy to apply and very fast funding. With good rates! I highly recommend
Easy to navigate so you know you’re balance also when payment is due..available credit..recent activity..
I am happy with this card company they are helping me with my credit
"I'm happy with Avant! After 5 months of payments on time, I was approved for credit line increase. It has also increased my credit score! So far, so good."
Fast getting your card to you
"They are great,,so professional. The process was so simple."
"Massive bait and switch. Received approval that showed $0 under origination fees and $10,000 as total amount to be deposited in my bank. Then before funding changed fine print that doesn't display well on mobile devices. Changing terms to 10% origination fee or $999 and only depositing $9001 into account. This dramatically changed the terms to a loan that was a very very very bad deal and I never would have accepted. People like this should be thrown into prison? I didnt catch until 24 hours after they funded because they funded to the WRONG CHECKING ACCOUNT. Even after confirming through 2 diferent agents on two different calls that is was going to the correct account."
This is the third loan I have received from Avant. The loan application was easy. The time between the approval and the issuing of funds was very quickly. The only downside that I found (for me) was the amount I was approved for was not the amount I actually received. They take out fees first. I wish they would just add it at the end. I had calculated exactly what I needed but once they took the fees out I had to come up with a different plan.
It was fast and easy
"Date of experience: February 09, 2024"
9% administrative fee for a loan that's b******* that's greed!
"JUST RECEIVED CARD & BALANCE HAS BEEN REPORTED, CREDIT SCORE WENT DOWN 125 POINTS!!!!!!"
Making a payment online was quick and easy. Simple to make a transaction…no issues. Thank you Avant!
"Date of experience: February 21, 2024"
"Easy loan process, fast funding but and I do mean but the loan initiation fee really needs to disappear. There are other lenders out there. They do not charge that you really for helping people out that would be one thing that I may suggest you look into."
My experience it’s good because it was fast I don’t need too take a lot off time
"Date of experience: February 10, 2024"
I am just requesting a paper bill also in lieu of a email payment notification..thank you..
I applied for the card and received it immediately. I like doing business that way.
"Date of experience: February 21, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 26, 2024"
It was rather simple to apply & fast action on getting me approved & once I was approved I had the money right away & when I had trouble with getting information loaded they called & talked to me in person & told me other ways to finish giving the information they needed id definitely recommend this loan company!! Thank you Avant
Fast quick and easy to work with. Professionalism all the way.
Very cooperative team. Each time I reached out for a status update on the process of my transaction I was met with an informed team member and was provided with a comprehensive answer.
Process was fast and efficient
So far Avant is doing great. Have not used it very much.
"Avant is the worst Credit Card Company I have ever seen. They have so many Fees. I Close the account and I Paid them off. Every time I pay them off Twice. They would keep charging me Fees. Now they put on my Credit that I owe the $3.41. Are you kidding me. They are a joke. I am sick of them. I don’t advise anyone to fool with Avant. It’s so hard to pay them off. I don’t ever want to hear of them again. I paid that $3.41 and told them to KISS MY A**.




Every time"
"Debits that are on hold do not indicate who the expense is from...




"
I went through credit karma and applied for a personal loan though. Avant it took less10 or 15 mins i was approved.
Great customer service. Always get my money on time!
Super easy process &would require people looking for easy financing to apply here
Was easy. Avant contacted me once I submitted needed documents. Within few minutes all was finalized received my loan on date they said. Could not be any easier.
"Outstanding customer service!!
You won’t regret working with them."
Came through lower interest rates a real person to talk to grace period if you're having hard times making the payment definitely a company where you can see the end of the road after making each payment thanks avant you rock!!!
My Avant card came at a most crucial time and its versitility of where i could use it made a difficult time a little easier.
Very easy to deal with. Very nice customer service.
This card was easy to activate and I could have used it virtually before I even received the actual card!! Payments are easy and quick online! The only downside is it takes several days to remove payment from my bank so I have to remain alert as to not spend the money
"Date of experience: February 21, 2024"
avant is good to have if you pay on time and keep avant up to date and do not miss a payment you will be rewarded i am glad to have an avant card
"Date of experience: February 12, 2024"
"Room is awesome, all clean, lots of towels. AC works great. Refresher of room was done while we were out. My only complaint is the seal on the door, light and noise comes through. Difficult to rest."
I am new to this company it’s been great.
Easy to use and convenient
Easy going.
"Good service all around,so far great experience."
I applied for loan to pay my debt they approved me I was thankful
"Date of experience: February 18, 2024"
Very professional company easy to deal with with a great app this easy to navigate
It was easy to apply and just a few extra steps I was approved. I needed a loan for car repairs. My loan was deposited in a few days.
The application is easy and online account is easy to use and see a breakdown of what I’ve spent and easy payments
So I had not so great credit. I received this card with a 2% cash back on everything. I use it I pay it off. And now after just 6 months it's up to 1250. And best of all no annual fee.
"Date of experience: February 24, 2024"
"I applied for this card through Credit Karma on December 11th. I was approved and it is now February 23rd, 2024. After multiple calls and emails still no card.I currently work as a mail carrier and I was told it takes 10 to 15 days to receive mail from Chicago to South Carolina __ __.It wouldn't take that long if it came by horse. My credit score was impacted by the inquiry and I don't get the service I was promised. THEY HAVE ALL MY INFORMATION and that's not ok.This has to be some type of fraud or something illegal on behalf of Avant and Credit Karma."
This is a great card and it help me when I needed it the most.
The process was super easy---funds availability within time period that was stated---it was actually much faster---great job
The website is very well to navigate. It is very pleasant to use.
"The process was extremely easy & simple. My loan was deposited the very next business day & my monthly payments are affordable. I really didn’t think that the process would be as smooth, straightforward as it was & because of that, you’ve earned 5 stars!"
Amazing experience! Great customer service and helpful beyond belief!
Very efficient and helpful
I'm a Newby to Avant so I am giving them the benefit of the doubt and telling myself that they are going to be an awesome company to do business with.
The only thing that I would question is that initial fee.. other than that everything went smoothly and surprisingly fast.. I think you should wave the fees if you want repeat customers..
"
Frozen pipes can be devastating. We appreciate the means to maintain our lifestyle!"
"I appreciate Avant, it took many calls to get my documents right but I am happy I was able to get approved. The processing fee or administrative fees are a bit steep. Thank you Avant!!"
"Three times I've had a purchase that I was trying to make declined. Greyhound, Harrah hotel and the popcorn place that I ALWAYS purchase from. I forgave Greyhound as the card was new and I understand the company wanting to avoid fraud. The hotel, I called TWICE and verified my identity, but the charge still didn't go through so I had to use a different card. $6 purchase you couldn't let that go through at the popcorn shop?
This card will CLEARLY NOT be my ""go to"" card. Far too many limitations."
"This company is awesome. They are responsive and courteous. Most importantly approval was painless, straightforward, and honest."
"Upped my Credit Balance, when I really needed it...Thank you AVANT."
Everything is good
"Avant has really created an awesome experience. It came right on time to help me and my family. Allowing us the opportunity clear some bills off our plate.
Thank you"
Easy process
"Date of experience: February 16, 2024"
I am a returning customer and the process for acquiring a new loan was very fast and efficient. I am very happy with your services.
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 10, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 19, 2024"
The whole process from beginning to the end was effortless and efficient.
"Date of experience: February 16, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 14, 2024"
I did not like that I didn't get any advance warning about you putting a $75 annual fee on my account which caused me to go over my credit limit and then you reported that to the credit burau. A notification of this before you billed me would have been nice so i could have made a payment and kept this from happening.
"Why did Y'all wait until I made a payment and then turned around and took it out. Then say my card is over the limit, Then tell me the whole balance has to be paid. Y'all are not right, I will tell anyone to get this card at all."
"Date of experience: February 15, 2024"
"I've not heard of this company until I started looking for a company that didn't charge annual fee. I was impressed with credit line, ease of application"
"It’s been a non problematic experience thus far which makes things very pleasant, the app is very user friendly"
"Been with you guys for a little bit now finally got an increase on my credit card very happy,"
"I had been paying on my loan for six months. I refinanced the loan. I got the new information about loan how much from what account and it never gave me a due date. I thought the new amount would be deducted the same day that it has been deducted for the previous six months. I went to store and looked like a total fool when my account was 480 dollars in the hole. I looked and seen Avant had moved my due date to the 20th and pulled the money two days earlier. When I called Avant the lady rudely informed me that the due date last month was the 20th and the 20th of this month. Zero Empathy. She ewas an ass and said it would be on the new agreement. I went back through my emails and Avant on December 19th, 2023 sent me an email outlining everything.
The current balance, the additional funds, the admin fee, the new total, and the funding date. Nothing about a new due date. I am a simple person, I wish that if you were going to make changes to my automatic payment it would have been pre-approved and not done without my knowledge. Also why would you change the due date that had been previously set for half a year before. Frustrated to be in the hole for two days before payday! I know Avant doesn't give a care, pass on the blame to me, even though I have been making this payment on the 22nd for six prior months. You don't care because you aren't having to not feed your family for two days. Just pissed about this situation"
"Date of experience: February 12, 2024"
Trustworthiness
Never give up
It was easy to navigate site
"Well, I've just got the car, so I'm just beginning to see what it's all about."
Just another predatory lender charging excessive fees and interest rates
They overdrew my card by adding the annual fee on and not letting me know when I would have to pay it.when their statement is generated you can't see your statement
"Amazing company, QUICK AND EASY application and FUNDS RELEASED LEAS THAN 1 DAY!!!"
New customer and so far I haven't had any problems and Avant App is very easy to use for any transactions you may need to make. Thanks for the $500 credit limit Avant. My only request is an increase in credit limit and I promise I will be responsible with my credit and make payments on time. Thanks again Avant.
"I have used this company before in the past, their app is easy to navigate and shows you what you have left to pay. After a year or so of payments they usually have an offer to refinance your loan at a lower interest rate, my first loan was 27% and once refinance it was 19%. It's a good option to consolidate debt I think, sure it's expensive but for some people it's better than watching their credit card interest bleed them to death over the years like mine was. I would recommend this company to anymore who needs a loan."
"I haven't been sith them long yet new cusgomer, so I don't have a lot of opponents yet"
Got my answer quick and was easy to set up
"Date of experience: February 19, 2024"
Avant helped me to solve my economical needs.
"Date of experience: February 01, 2024"
I was hoping for a break and I applied for a loan to pay credit cards bills and I got approved. Thanks Avant
I am more satisfied with my card. It will help me improve my credit score. The service is excellent.
"Date of experience: January 20, 2024"
"Good communication, fast decision and quick delivery."
I would like to know when will I be able to request an credit increase?
"Fast answers, easy application"
"Date of experience: February 10, 2024"
Everything so far has been good and easy to work the app
"Date of experience: February 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
Love what you do. It’s nice to have something to build credit.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"No amount of words can express how I appreciate Avant. The professionalism, caring, simplicity of the process in being approved for a loan, the Support Agents kindness, all of it, is beyond how I can express my gratitude in how you helped my family. Simply put, THANK YOU!"
Very helpful
"Date of experience: February 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 02, 2024"
The application and process was easy. Thank you for your timely support.
I didn’t think I would be approved due to bad credit but I was. The online application and approval was fast. The card cane in the mail within a week. Thank you for giving me another chance to rebuild my credit.
"Everyone else wanted to amend what I asked for, but Avant came through with all I asked for.
I would recommend Avant to anyone trying to pay off credit card debt and consolidate."
I had an easy process and no fees
I had some anxiety about getting a loan but Avant made the entire process easy and quick.
"So far, so good!"
They made things very easy and the customer service was really good I loved my experience
"Made a payment on 1/10/24 for $200.00 to go towards my Feb 24 payment because I was going out of town on business, got back and found a email that my Feb payment was late and that a late fee was added. I then made another $100.00 payment (online) and called customer (lousy) service. As soon as someone picked up the phone the first thing I heard was my MIRANDA RIGHTS that this is attempt to collect a debt...(wait - what debt?) tolld them I had made the payment on 1/10 and another one on 2/14. They said the payment on 1/10 went to my balance and they have no record of the 2/14 payment (yet) though my back said it was already pending. explained the problem and said there is nothing they could do about the 1/10 payment because it had been made (24 HRS) to soon...WAIT WHAT?. and the the late charge will stand and that there is nothing they could do about it. Asked to talk to a supervisor, only to placed on hold for over 25 min and nothing. I have emailed them multiple times and after 2 days nothing. Told to cancel the card and would just pay if off, but that I would NOT pay either the late charge nor the annual fee since the card would not be used in the coming year. If you have a problem with them, customer service is NO help at all and emailing them is just as bad.


Supplement....
After nearly 3 weeks...Avant finally responded, all it is - is a canned response, no thoughts and still they want you to reach out to them...like I have multiple times already, and all I get is just lip service and no action. Hey AVANT...here's an idea...get off you computer and act like a human and maybe, I don't know...maybe call the customer. you sure expect the customer to do it and do your job."
"I would’ve given 5 stars but I didn’t like that the agents kept calling me asking the same repetitive questions every other day instead of reading the notes, it was frustrating because the process could’ve been much quicker! Other than that everything was easy and I will be using this company again!"
Yes I had a great experience the agent that help me was polite very helpful with giving me anwser to questions that I had also staying on the telephone with explaining the whole process to me When giving my proper paper work the process went very quickly
An Avant loan is quick and easy. The funding was the next day. The decision on getting the credit was fast- minutes.
"Quick application. Took a little while to get the card in the mail. The mobile app is a bit funky. I can't see my rewards. Statements don't download off the app, but they work on the website. It is weird that it doesn't show the business name on pending charges, just the amount of the authorization. I received a rather low limit and high APR, but it's still a generous rewards program. It's also genuinely generous of a limit compared to another card I was approved for with similar rewards. I filed BK a year ago so I have slimey dogwater of a credit report right now and still was approved."
Everyone was very professional and everything was done in a timely manner.
Really love them so far. I took a chance and it paid off. Thank you for helping me build my credit.
A GOOD Card for People who are Rebuilding their Credit. Credit Line increases available.. Happy with the Card
This process was super easy and quick. Very affordable monthly payments. The money was disbursed quickly. I was able to consolidate my debt quickly and get on track. Thank you Avant!
Looking forward to a long working partnership.
"Simple and quick loan process. Read some other reviews that complained about needing to submit proof of income, etc. That's part of applying for a loan lol and they made it super simple to upload the docs. Less than 48 hours from applying to receiving the funds in my bank account."
Super fast and easy process!
Quick easy process... And staff always available.
I am a repite customer and very happy with the service. Great company to do business. I recommend to anyone looking for help.
"Date of experience: February 01, 2024"
Sorriest card I have ever had yall have blocked me 2 times from using my card when I call to get it straighten out you say you got it fixed it try again and bam I'm blocked again
Easy to use. The mobile app works great!
"Date of experience: February 09, 2024"
I applied for a loan from Avant online through CK. I did this late evening. By morning I had an email stating that I was approved. I like that Avant was fast and they didn't ask a ton of questions. The process is actually very simple. I like that. I recommend Avant. I'll make an update as I go through the payment process.
"The application process is so easy, smooth and quick. I use avant any time I need a loan now."
"Date of experience: February 14, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 14, 2024"
"The app made it alot easier, especially when I didn't need to speak to anyone, it was fast and I did it while I was at work."
The representative was helpful and patient.
It is great opportunity to have someone who will give a chance at life to help you build your credit.
"Very Low Burden to Applying
It was a super easy process to apply for a personal loan. It required minimal work on my part since Avant took on the tasks of tracking down much of the information needed to finalize my loan. It took less than 24 hours from the time I sent the request until the funds were deposited in my bank account."
They quickly approved me and send my card quickly! Easy to use and the app works well!
"Received funds quickly, application was easy to fill out."
The process was smooth and I'm looking forward to building up my credit limits and business relationship
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
You made things better for me and thank you
"Date of experience: February 10, 2024"
"I think that it is horrible thet it takes a 3 weeks to a month for a payment to post if I'm not making payment from the Avant web site. There should be other acceptable options that will not result in late payments, charges and being reported to the credit bureau for being late."
"I needed some extra cash to payoff some bills and to make some purchases for needed items. Avant really made the application process easy and I had the money deposited into my account quickly. Great company to work with!!

Thank you Avant!!!"
I just started my membership with the company so far I am satisfied with the service. I will make my best
Good card for building credit.
The best place to get help . Fast and easy . Thanks for your service ____ I recommended 100% all time
Very fast service. Thank you
Very straight forward application!!!! Thanks Avant!
"Im happy with the fact it was easy to apply and that they gave me a decent cash amount to help me, when cash isnt enough."
I really like the ease of using the website for checking my balance and for making payments.
I have had a great experience with the Avant credit card and customer experience.
"Avant Support

Avant does a great job of providing its clients with convenient financial support. The loan process is straightforward. They provide affordable reimbursement options with suitable terms. Thank you for helping me get back on track in an unprecedented economy."
The ease of applying and receiving the money. My credit appears low due to our business that runs under our ss numbers which does not show the whole story.
"I have no problem applying for the card, activation was a breeze also"
It wS fast approval and very nice customer service.
"Money was available
Within a business day!!"
"Was approved, was easy to get card activated, only used a couple times, no issues, made first payment over phone, was easy."
Get a new card and helps build my credit score
Everything was great
"Date of experience: February 12, 2024"
Card isn’t usable at any business/vendor that uses Square to process payments. Extremely inconvenient. Also not usable for Venmo payments.
Good card to use as a credit builder. Attention...high late fee but no yearly fee. Interest may vary.
Easy to work with. Great customer service also
"Everything went smoothly
No problems at all
Very easy process"
"Date of experience: February 11, 2024"
Need to fix website when your trying to view and sign your application. I called and emailed many times and had know response. Then out of no where I got a notification from my bank that my funds have been transferred into my account. It would have been nice if someone would have notified me that they got my email and funds would be into my account on a certain date. The whole process was kinda convoluted. Need to fix your website
It was easy to set up and activate my credit card. The process was explained as I was signing up
Seamless process and funds were in my account in 2 business days.
"Avant- is a great credit card and very good to have around when you need it. They are available for any of your financial needs, and easy to talk to anyone about concernd"
I would like to thank your company for your speedy services it was a great help and it was a easy process and I really appreciate it and thank you for the low payment that I can pay it on time thank you very much
So far so good. It has been a seamless and smooth experience. I look forward to having a long relationship as I grow my credit with them.
"During the application process I was required to submit my banking account information login to them through a third party.

Absolutely NOT! Now my application is unfinished and my credit score negatively impacted for no reason.

Avant says applying won’t affect your credit score. False. I received a hard inquiry and my score dropped five points.


Avant’s reply states a soft inquiry won’t affect my score. Sure.

But I got a hard inquiry because you denied my application because I refused to give a third party my bank account sign in information.

That was never listed as a requirement.
I would never in this day and age provide my online banking access to a credit card company or any company.

This is completely unacceptable business practices, Avant is predatory and dishonest. I should have trusted the negative reviews.

Even Avant’s reply is deceptive.
I received a hard inquiry.
Yet notice their reply starts off with a completely useless fact that doesn’t apply to this situation, obviously in an attempt to negate my factual experience.

I just double checked, and there is a hard inquiry… Please contact credit bureau and remove the inquiry Avant.


"
"Date of experience: February 10, 2024"
"Started to use my new card and by the 3rd day it wouldn't work. No E-mail & no Text. Let 2 weeks pass & tried again, Same problem. This time I decided to call for help. Apon calling this lady from Customer Service said she had to repeat to me all the FAILED attempts to make a purchase whicjh has to take at least 10 minutes as there were 100 failed purchases & then She unlocked the the card that was BLOCKED. Do you see why I said no E-mail & No Text.
Why didn't anyone try to get a message to me telling me the card was blocked from making a purchase. WHY was it blocked & why didn't anyone send me a message.
I say you Failed miserably."
"I was denied so many loans for no reason and then I find you guys by accident while taking to a friend about debt !

And I searched one last time and you guys popped out in my feed and I believed once more and here I am! I got approved thank you!

I am still in disbelief but I guess that’s expected after so many negative results! I am very grateful!"
Love this card. Easy to manage. Credit limit increases with responsible use
"Date of experience: February 10, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 03, 2024"
Not to happy just used it and someone already tried to use it three different times. I'm thankful that they caught it thru the fraud company
Quick and easy. Great customer service.
I like they are available to assist me.
"The customer service representatives were helpful and walked me through the information gathering process.
Excellent job."
So far so good. It acts like a normal credit card.and so far no screw ups when making payments to the card.
They helped a lot with the loan.
I requested a loan and received the deposit to my account in a day. Fastest and most efficient loan company I have dealt.
"Date of experience: January 01, 2024"
The avant card help me in the moment I needed because my employee stopped the extra hours and overtime for now I home continue with this card for long time thank you for your help
"Date of experience: February 09, 2024"
The hard work is going on good and have a nice day?
"I had a positive experience, went through the entire process easy."
"I love it , very good credit card"
So far so good! No issues with their customer service team. Transactions have been seamless. I have been happy with my card.
"Date of experience: February 09, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 09, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 01, 2024"
When I need to fix a emergency they always come through with affordable rates that I can manage in a timely manner. Best place to get a loan that works in your favor.
Great credit __ card to have for a emergency __!!!!
"Easy approval, great card for people with less than perfect credit"
"I tried to use my card at a shoe store and, it was declined 3 times, no reason it should of been declined"
The company cut my credit limit in half and damaged my credit. Stay away from this bank.
Thankful to have the card. It’s been a real help. Thank you.
Good communication and fast funding
An awesome and amazing company and I am blessed to have a card
"I was really needing to get that loan, it was so easy and fast, I really appreciate it."
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Great card! Very satisfied
"Date of experience: February 02, 2024"
I’ve never had problems with my account even when I updated my phone number had perfect customer service also my loan process was extremely straight forward and very helpful again thank you everything !!!
"Date of experience: January 30, 2024"
"Approval was quick , card arrived in a few days. overall a stress free experience."
"Applying was a easy process. No hassle at all. I applied, was approved. And funds deposited within the day business day. ____"
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
very helpful when i needed you.
Avant has never failed to come to my rescue. I would and have recommended them to people who needs emergency funds for any home project.
I love and recommend Avant because How easy it was to apply for loans and credit cards. Great customer service
The loan process was very easy. Did not have to wait until Monday. The loan was approved on Saturday.
"Fast, easy, and reliable. Thank you for everything."
Being able to navigate through the platform
"Date of experience: January 01, 2024"
"New cardholder, no issues
With card at all, glad I didn’t listen to the negative reviews…."
"I just received the card a month ago and it appeared to be compromised. I called in, they canceled it and I received a new one 2 days later. Excellent customer service!"
"With not perfect credit, I was approved for goo amount, thanks"
Amazing customer service and follow up. The entire process was very simple!
I was surprised how fast the funding was in the bank. They help me to raise my credit score and get me back on track for resolving mt debt. Thank you
Credit process was easy and no complications
It was great thank you for trusting in me
Very reliable. Quick and easy to apply. Helped me in my financial needs. Great in overall.
Avant is amazing. I got a fast approval and above all the funds were transferred not long after. Avants app made the application process a breeze. Thanks to avant's app I can keep track of my loan.
"Quick easy process,great results"
"Date of experience: February 02, 2024"
The process of refinancing my loan was very easy. Disappointments were the hit I took on my credit score as it showed up as an inquiry which will remain for two years and secondly I felt that the APR could have been much lower to include my monthly payment. I really enjoy your online App which makes it very easy to track the progress of my loan.
"Experience was easy and approval was quick.
I am enjoying my new card."
"Be aware that Avant will pre approve you and give you loan amounts and APR rates. That means nothing, they will just give you enticing APR and generous loan amounts so you can apply. Then the nightmare begins, they will run a hard credit check and ask you for pay stubs, bank accounts and W2 form….then after all that it’s when they will give you the real APR and loan amount. As always banks playing games and misleading, gotta love banks. Never mind they take a 10% fee from loan upfront, this is some business!"
Stay away they reply like they care and still get nowhere with them it's been a month since they robbed me and still no response
"Date of experience: February 02, 2024"
"Made my experience great! Easy to navigate on their website, fast courteous service To refinance my loan. Very happy with Avant"
"My experience was really one of a kind you were very efficient and right to the point and being their right when l needed it, l so appreciate that, Thanks again, you will always be my first choice"
When using the card for the first tim I had no problems.
I needed a card that was accepted by all major companies yet was at an affordable interest rate for my budget. Avant not only fit those parameters they went above and beyond with excellent customer service. A trait I look for in a credit card company. Thank you Avant
"Date of experience: February 01, 2024"
Great customer service
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Easy to qualify, very quick"
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
Great experience and service
Great credit builder
The representative were very nice each time I called.and solved my question
"Date of experience: January 24, 2024"
"I had an issue, I called the number on the back of the card and they fixed my issue immediately and were pleasant about it."
"Very thorough, but too many calls for info or docs with same long instructions."
Very easy to work with .Helpful with all information
"I have had a good experience with Avant so far, they immediately gave me a credit line of $500 and I am still working on my credit so that was great for me and helpful to improve my credit score! I use it sparingly and I always keep it under 30%."
Too soon to leave a review. Try again in 6 months.
"I applied for a personal loan, there was alot of back and forth on documents to be loaded. I told them that the ""Plaid"" would not work, they told me to submit a voided check....which I did. I got an email the next day to say that I needed to sinc my bank account and the next day another one. I called to check in on this and they told me they have everything and that they would send me approval or denial in 2-3 business days. On the 7th business day I got and email that said that my account was now expired. I called to ask them about it and they said that my loan inquiry was closed and to apply again. I told them you told me you already had anything. The lady thanked me and then told me to apply again. I ask is it worth my time if I can not link my bank account. At that time, she told me that step is optional and that I would need to apply again.... I am not happy with how this was handled and I am now not sure if I should apply again or just give up!"
"Everything was user friendly,quick,and mess free."
The opportunity to be able to have a credit card to manage and grow with.
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Everything is right, easy to deal with and understand..no one complaint"
"Easy, very layed out and informative."
The personal loan from Avant came at a time that it was most needed. It seem as Avant knew my needs and provided a timely short term solution.
You're customer service is awesome No complaints 0.
Fast service and very helpful
Great card for people trying to increase their credit score and no annual fee!!!
"If you have a PO Box mailing address, do not get this card. I was instantly approved for a credit card after applying on Credit Karma. When filling out the account information, I put down my permanent address. I was expecting to be able to add a different PO Box mailing address later on, as I live in a town that only uses PO Boxes and does not offer street deliveries for mail.

I sent an email to ask for my mailing address to be updated. I was told this is against the policy they have for addresses (PO Boxes are not allowed to be set as an address on your account).

I sent another email explaining I just wanted to update my mailing address, not my physical address. I was told to call in to speak with someone.

I called in and was told having the credit card mailed to my PO Box is not possible. I asked to speak to a manager at least three times; I was ignored and was told repeatedly what I wanted was not possible. I finally gave up and told them to close my account. They proceeded to close my account, and I asked again to speak to a manager. After an almost 10-minute hold, I am informed the manager is ""on a call"" and they can leave a message. I had my account with this company for a grand total of one day! Not worth the headache."
"Date of experience: January 11, 2024"
I love working with this company. Easy to work with.
"Date of experience: January 29, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 29, 2024"
Didn’t think I would get the loan I needed but they came through for me I would recommend especially if you building credit.
"Date of experience: January 26, 2024"
Excellent repond
Would love to get notifications when purchases are made.
"No hassle, website easy to navigate."
"So far, Avant has been a good option in my wallet, Thank you"
"Date of experience: January 23, 2024"
Great! I am looking forward to a secure family!
"Date of experience: January 27, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 26, 2024"
Easy to use .very easy to understand
Thank you for approving me for a credit line. This will help build my credit to a much better score. The thing I do not like is my very low credit line.
"Date of experience: January 27, 2024"
getting a card was hard but finally approved just wish my credit was higher
It’s been 3 weeks going to 4 weeks card has NOT come. I’m seriously over calling and asking questions getting a different answer each time. My next call if card isn’t here in another 7 business days is to just close the damn account
"Date of experience: January 22, 2024"
Very easy! Very professional! I really needed fast and it was overnighted
"Easy to apply.There is nothing complicated about the applying, just simply follow the step by step application. Fast funding! I would definitely ecommend them."
Everything I could hope for in a credit card. Thank you.
Avant is fair and accommodating. They put their customers first and they are considerate of each customers needs.
"Date of experience: January 26, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 18, 2024"
"The process was quick and easy. Monies received the next day, and I was able to change my payment date to meet my needs.
I’d give a 5, ask me again after I’ve been with you 90 days."
"Great customer service. Staff is very friendly and answered all my questions in a quick and knowledgeable fashion.Great card services, definitely will recommend to family and friends. I give Avant nothing lesser than five stars."
"This is my first loan, and I wish IT would be for 12 months or less, but there was any other option, I guest this is how they make their money, lol, after all, it was easy to apply with them, and since you submit everything, the money was here in my account next business day, I love that, but they give me less then the amount that I asked, and I do not know why.. Anyway, the money help me with the issue that I had(paying credit card)"
"The application process was simple and fair. Upon calling to make sure I was filled no out application right customer service was great. The no stress, no worry process was great. Thank you Avant and your employees."
"This is my second time calling on them for help and they came through both times for me. I’m having work done inside of my home. So when you pay your bills on time, these are the people to call. Great experience with them."
Avant has been awesome helping me improve my credit! They're very generous giving credit limit increases! Thank you!
This was the second loan I've done with them and it was a seamless process! I would highly recommend!!
Staff was very knowledgeable and professional
Using the app is easy and very detailing of my account. Easy to navigate
I asked for a replacement card for months I believe they said they issued 5 is Ben about 6 months and I still don’t have one every person I talk to is rude and give me the runaround . Don’t use this company is the worst credit company that is out there.
I get quick and factual information whenever I call and ask. Friendly and professional customer service people.
"They send you mail/ email misleading g you as if you can get a loan, then don’t approve - scam!!’"
Seamless process with my loan and also credit card. Everything is clear on the app.
Needed a loan for debt consolidation. Avant came thru in record time. 5 Stars!
How easy was to apply and quick to get approved .
Avant is the worse credit card you could ever have
"Date of experience: January 23, 2024"
The ease of completing the loan information - made an error that I needed to correct called and received excellent customer service and they helped guide me through the rest of the procesa
It’s easy to flue up with your credit card on the apps very nice __
Credit approval was fast and easy!… Love it!..
"Date of experience: January 12, 2024"
I was approved immediately and funds were deposited into my account within days. Highly recommend.
"Internet access, auto bank verification with fast deposit auto withdrawal for payments"
"From the application process for an Avant Card; through the acceptance process; to the delivery of the card; and finally, use of the card, all has gone smoothly."
"Date of experience: January 22, 2024"
"I recently applied for the AvantCard, hoping to build my credit. However, the experience turned into a nightmare from the very beginning. After receiving the card, I attempted to activate it, but it wouldn't work. Despite multiple attempts through the online portal and calls to customer service, the issue remained unresolved.

Customer service was unhelpful and unresponsive. After waiting on hold for extended periods, I finally reached a representative who failed to activate the card and couldn't explain the problem. Frustrated and unable to use the card, I decided to cancel it.

To my shock and dismay, the representative informed me that I was still responsible for the annual fee, even though the card never worked. They refused to waive the fee or offer any form of compensation for the inconvenience and time wasted.

When I requested to speak to a manager, I was astonishingly told that they didn't have one available. This lack of accountability and escalation options further highlighted the company's unprofessionalism and disregard for customer concerns.

Avoid AvantCard at all costs! Their non-functional card, poor customer service, hidden fees, and lack of accountability make them a terrible choice for anyone seeking a credit card. Be wary of their misleading offers and save yourself the frustration and financial hassle I experienced."
The application was quick and easy. Representative called to see if I needed any assistance or had any questions. Approval was super fast and funds were deposited into my account within a day.
I have both a credit card and personal loan and just love this company. I was able to consolidate multiple cards to one loan. And love that there is no prepayment penalty!
Thank you Avant for your excellent service. You helped me when I needed it.
I was experiencing credit card debt and unpaid bills due to life’s rough challenges. Luckily found Avant who assisted with immediate funds deposited in my account. No feeling of unworthiness or judgement. I was given a reasonable payment plan and now look forward to a credit score that I can be proud of and refinance my car for lower APR. appreciate you!1
So far so good. The app runs well the yearly fee is high.
Easy process to get approved. Thank you so much! I will definitely recommend this to family and friends and will use again in the future.
The customer service which was provided to me by Avant company is a very professional and really helpful. Thanks.
They Quick and helpful to those making on time payments. They are there when you need them.
It was very easy to qualify and no impact to my credit score
"Date of experience: January 01, 2024"
"Very fast approval, the card came. very fast. Looks like a very good company to do business with. Time will tell. So far, I am very happy with my new card at Avant. Thank you for your kind help in getting this card."
"Date of experience: January 20, 2024"
It was easy to apply. Card had no annual fee and cash back.
"Date of experience: January 20, 2024"
I had no difficulty with my purchase with my card.
It was very easy to apply for this card. Haven't had it very long but completely satisfied right now.
"Date of experience: January 20, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 12, 2024"
I didn't like that I have to put my bank information on there for direct deposit and I can never see the summary of what I spent money on if it was gas or if it was a scam and I want to pay with a debit card
"I haven't had the card very long but paying my bill, talking to your reps for whatever I need, everyone has been wonderful."
"Date of experience: January 18, 2024"
It takes up to 10 days for anything to post to your account. You cannot see any transactions for a month. So good luck catching fraud. I called to check my balance before I made a transaction and it's not accurate. I called to see why my account was showing negative and no one could tell me any transactions or see anything on my account to even help me. The first representative told me they don't post the over balance to the credit bureau and that it wasn't going to hurt my credit. Same morning they reported to the credit bureau and I lost a ton of points. I called back to see what happened and they still can't see anything on my account. I asked them to remove it from my report. The lady says she needs to get a supervisor but none are available. Then asks when someone can call me back . I said today asap. And then the lady says remember you can log into your account online to check on your information - but you literally can't and that was part of the reason I called. Literally the worst credit card I've ever had. I wouldn't recommend to anyone. For a company that's supposedly giving credit cards to help build credit it seems highly negligent to not allow the card holder accurate and up to date information on their account and balances. Up to 10 days to post to your account - really!? I recommend people to stay away from this company.
The easy application process makes this a no-brainer.
The notice you sent saying I was qualified to refinance my account and how easy the application was.
I've been never happier with your company. Thank you
Fast Approval and funding within 3–4 Business Days
I was turned down by another lender but Avant came through for me! Now I have the money to complete the projects and home improvements that I have been working on! It was quick and easy and totally online!
"Date of experience: January 15, 2024"
"Simple navigation through website. Easy to schedule payments, it’s a plus that it gives you the option to cancel payment."
"Date of experience: January 11, 2024"
Easy and quick service. Approval took a day and once approved deposit was sent the following day.
"Great credit card to have, app is easy to use and everything is straight forward. Company has great customer support."
Ease of access
Great company my good experience was I needed money for my personal business and everything looks great they work fast with me and I got my money in seconds once I got approved I will recommend this company to anybody
Easy to apply. The app is great. Credit limit wasn’t very large.
"Date of experience: January 18, 2024"
"This review to express my dissatisfaction, with the customer service provided by Avant Money. My recent experience in trying to pay off a loan has been incredibly frustrating. I feel it's important to share my concerns.

I started the loan repayment process seven weeks ago. Despite my efforts I'm still waiting for a confirmation letter in the mail confirming that the loan has been fully paid off. This delay is not just inconvenient. Also has implications for my mortgage application, which is now being unnecessarily delayed.

I've called Avant Money times over the seven weeks to inquire about the status of the letter. Unfortunately, every time I call they inform me that the letter is ""on its way."" The lack of a resolution and constant delays in receiving the documentation are causing me a lot of distress and inconvenience.

In an attempt to escalate this matter I requested a callback, from a manager. To my disappointment they informed me that it would take 48 hours for this process. Unfortunately, I still haven't received any callback yet further prolonging the resolution of this issue and adding to my frustration.
The customer service team, at Avant Money is incredibly inefficient and unresponsive which is completely unacceptable. This does not affect my commitments but also specifically impacts my mortgage application.

I strongly urge Avant Money to address this problem and find a solution to the delays in providing the paperwork. This experience has not damaged my perception of Avant Money. Has also raised concerns about the dependability and effectiveness of their customer service procedures.

I sincerely hope that my feedback prompts an examination of your customer service practices ensuring that others do not encounter difficulties, in the future."
"Date of experience: January 12, 2024"
"Prompt and fast decision, thank you"
"From beginning to my first charge, I was well informed, everything was smooth and efficient"
"The application was easy and understanding. I had a slight problem using the card but when I contacted customer service, the problem was resolved immediately and I felt relieved. Great response and customer service. I'm really enjoying my new card__"
"I need you all to send me paper statements.
Please & thank you !
Jason H. SanChez"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
You help people with great customer service and willing to help customer
The care that I got from the rep. Thank You
Recent interaction has been very positive !
Excellent card with a great starting limit. I appreciate the trust.
I apply for this card and was approved and I received the card in 7 days .. so far it’s been a wonderful experience. Looking forward to using this card as much as possible to improve my credit history.
"Easy to refinance, Has been working great for me."
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
The Avant card is easy to use. The payments are reasonable and my payments reflect on my account within a day instead of the several days other cards take.
"Not sure yet, I have not received my card yet. When I do, I will come back to give my review."
They are quick and efficient. So easy to apply. Easy to set up auto pay online and view all your account information. Highly recommend.
Really happy with how quickly I was approved and received my card.
"Date of experience: January 16, 2024"
Great card for credit building fees aren't too bad
"Fast application online and they answer you in a flash, send you all the information very well explained"
Company has a great card and reasonable interest rates.
Fast an easy application fast next day funds
"Avant is very good to work with, very helpful. Customer service gets back to you right away when you ask a question, highly recommend."
Got what I asked for was approved right away and received the money in my account a day early.
"So far you’ve been good, no complaints"
"when I went to use the credit card there were no issues. I went online to activate the card and surprisingly it was working fine when I used it to pay for dinner. sometimes when you activate a card there is an initial problem from the beginning, but this card did what it was supposed to do when I paid the bill"
"Date of experience: January 15, 2024"
Exllent card and service love it
"EASY TO APPLY, great agent help, amazing personality"
I like the ease of your website. I really like the cash back feature. I'm saving money every time I use my credit card.
Fast acceptance.. great limit.. great payment. All in all a great credit card!!
"Date of experience: January 08, 2024"
Everything is great you guys have done a wonderf
I have good credit and wanted to pay one bill per month for my credit cards I hav never had a better experience for a personal loan I will recommend you to all
The. Service person answered my questions.Was nice and polite
I does take time but it is worth it.thank you.
"Date of experience: January 14, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 14, 2024"
Very informative quick and easy process!
"It was a great experience, easy, straightforward and stress free. I will recommend it to anyone."
App is easy to use! Know what’s available instantly
"My credit card arrived fairly quickly, easy to activate, easy to use."
The response was quick. The approval was easy. The web sight is easy to navigate.
I had not heard of Avantbut I received an invitation in the mail. I’m new but very satisfied
"Awesome, easy and most convenient. Thanks Avant Greatly Appreciated"
"Interest is EXTREMELY HIGH !
These practices in lending should be ILLEGAL ~"
"Very user friendly, easy and convenient. Fast decision and quick to give you funds!"
"I use Avant credit card without any inconvenience, help to continue building my credit and is secure to use it. I can review my balance every time I need. I'm satisfied using it. It's a new card and is the first time I'm using it."
Could never get money from ATM. All said rejected and contact financial institution. Then when I called I always got run around telling me it should work. Awful experience when a card holder should be able to transact a ATM transaction without constantly being rejected. Tried this on several different days at different locations. Very cheesy. Plus I was led to believe my limit would be much larger when applying..
"The procedures to go through are very efficient,easily to navigate,no problems,save one!Language barrier,to comprehend is a challenge,the person ,agent associate was really wonderfully."
I had a great experience with Avant. The application and approval process was fast and easy!
Been very easy to use card and login site.
"Timely service. Easy process..friendly
Representatives.great service"
It was easy to apply and the decision was quick. The website is user friendly and easy to navigate.
The staff was able to answer questions. He was pleasant and polite.
The request and the timeliness in which in was expeditiously handled!
Avant help me consolidate my high interest credit card and reduce my payments.
This is the best card I have. With rebuilding my credit they pre-approved me great starting limit. No up-front fees. Reasonable monthly payments. No hassle or problems.
It was easy to go through the different screens. I was nervous about putting my personal information in a few areas but all in all a very good experience
The whole experience was quick and easy @
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Quick response. Easy application.
"Date of experience: January 12, 2024"
"Customer service, procedures, communication. Friendly but professional."
Avant- made it safe fast and easy to get the loan I needed. I was pre selected through credit karma and they really came in handy at a time I needed it most. They also have no early repay penalties which is great for people who need short term but take extended. I highly recommended and will use again in the future if I need them
"Date of experience: January 05, 2024"
One of my favorite cards
The card is easy to use. Customer service is great.
"Avant is a great way to be able to build your credit score, and excellent customer care."
"I’ve been trying to get in contact about my loan. Sending emails and calling, not one response yet. I don’t understand what’s going on. I can’t login my account online to see exactly when payments are due, and no contact at all with the company. I wouldn’t borrow from here again."
"Date of experience: January 10, 2024"
"Date of experience: December 28, 2023"
"They made an offer to lower my monthly payments, which they did and loaned additional funds for expenses. Process wasn’t difficult."
Getting pre-qualified took 30 seconds. Took 2 minutes to fill out application and had a photo of my new card and number in less then a minute. Nothing could be simpler.
"This process was fast, easy with no run around. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking to make a loan."
I was approved very quickly with good rates and options.
Very fast and effective. Happy so far
"Easy to complete app, verification documents uploading easy and funding was fast. Using the app for payments."
"Date of experience: January 03, 2024"
Avant’s service and products they offer are great and I’ve recommended it to friends and family.
Avant got received my info and I was approved with money in my account next day. Everything fell into place. T
Excellent card to start with. Trying to reestablish credit. Looking forward to long relationship w your company
I requested a loan to take care of a furnace issue at my home in the Chicagoland area. It’s cold here but my house __ is warm.
"Quick, easy and simple ____________________"
Card keeps getting declined whenever i try using it anywhere else besides a gas station
So far everything is going great you receive payment faster then some of my other that I like a lot
great customer service excellent very friendly
Why does it take so long to take the money to put back on my card ja
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
It was an overall great experience. They walked me through the whole process and made sure everything was understood. I recommend them to anyone if that's their process..
Prompt to receive card. Straight forward ease of use app
"It was easy and fast in a month of 1 week and they already deposited my loan, thank you A AVANT"
Easy to get and close when a company tries to take money
They're Amazing I'm truly Pleased with everything Thanks so much!
"Date of experience: January 08, 2024"
Have had a great experience so far and they make it easy to use the app
"Your web site doesn't work, won't let me sign in and now has me locked out"
"Date of experience: January 08, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 06, 2024"
"Well the process went very well and speedily it was not to cumbersome. The only if complaint i have is the linking the account with a bank, the plaid system did not work for me. But aside from that it went well thank you"
I was answered right away for an increase as a valued customer of theirs.
I tried using my card three times and it declined my transaction’s. I don’t understand why if my account is good standing.
"Used Avant for credit card consolidation based on a recommendation from a credit website for my fair score. The application process is simple and easy and I received funds within 2 business days. It’s a high fee in my opinion, almost $900 for a $18K loan."
"Date of experience: January 03, 2024"
It takes entirely too long for my payment to post
"Good experience with the application process, receiving the funds, making the first payment, and interacting with customer service.

The mobile app is far too simple. It's not a very informative or engaging tool. There is so much opportunity to provide an interactive tool to manage this account."
Not bad just a little high on interest and low credit limit but sure will go up.
Avant really helped me to build my credit. Because of my increased credit score I was able to get a loan for a car!
The person was very accurate and made everything very clear
I applied for the Avant credit card and was approved. I received my card a week later in the mail. So far everything with Avant is good.
Avant credit card associates are easy to work with.
"Date of experience: December 12, 2023"
It was an easy and seemless process
"Date of experience: January 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 06, 2024"
"Great card. Cash back, and credit line increase offered without asking."
I have this card for almost 2 years and I love it they are fair and honest and take care of the customer thank you avant
"Easy, the young lady I spoke to was so helpful and kind and made it even more easy to finish my application"
You made it so easy for me to consolidate my bills! Thank you
The easy to understand step-by-step instructions.
This company was quick and made the process go smoothly.
Everyrime i call i get somebody that doesnt speak proper english.It is so hard too talk too them i have too have them repeat what they say at least 5 times....i feel dreaded too even ask a question.
"Date of experience: January 05, 2024"
It was a simple application process .it didn't take long to receive an answer.and putting the app on my phone didn't cause any issues .
"Date of experience: January 02, 2024"
"Great company, with easy website to navigate to keep up with spending and payments."
"If you use it right, it really helps. Plus, their customer service is great, simple and easy!"
Fast process from the beginning of the application to the transfer of funds. I am absolutely impressed and thankful to Avant. I will definitely recommend this company to my family and friends.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Avant for me is the best in loan business you applied for loan they processed it so quickly. Avant loan rate is very reasonable. Avant is highly recommended. I will stay with Avant. If you need a loan choose Avant.
"Very pleasant to work with. fast ,easy credit approval."
"Easy-to-navigate app, easy to use. Highly recommend!"
"Date of experience: December 05, 2023"
Application process was very easy. Fast approval
Fast process. Nice customer support.
Fast and easy process. Took about 15 minutes from start to finish. Interest rate is high but I'm paying it off early to reduce the interest paid
I was very pleased with the process of receiving my card. It was very simple and my card arrived in a timely manner. I've only used it a couple of times but I was amazed at how easy it was. The mobile app is very helpful and makes it so easy to navigate your cards dashboard
Easy process money deposited right into my account the next day no hassles
"Date of experience: January 03, 2024"
"It has been an outstanding company in professional staff, to the processing to taking the time to explain every detail in my experience.Again thank you for giving me this opportunity."
"Fast, easy and convenient step by step process. Thanks Avant for all the help & guidance. Looking forward to going into the next phase!"
"This was the best company I have done business with. The representatives are so polite and helpful.
It was easy to do my application and use the site. The app is great and easy."
Very quick and easy answer to your financial needs!
Very simple application and got approved within minutes…very good company to work with!
This loan was a great experience for me. I went from thirty five percent interest rate to like eighteen a drop of almost sixteen points with great ease and convenience. My payment is less and the terms of my contract has been shortened. I would recommend people trying to acquire there loan with advant.
Customer service is always wonderful! They explain everything clear and concise I really appreciate their help!
"So credit karma said Avant had outstanding approval odds for $10k loan, decided I wanted to consolidate my CC debt and hopefully lower my apr so I applied. Avant did their “pre approval” and actually came back slightly higher than CK did. Went ahead with the process. Took a few hours but I got approved….for less than half of what my pre approval was for…which did nothing for me. Oddly enough my income at the CK state was lower than my actual income…now I have a hard pull for no benefit."
"Avant has been a great blessing to me, from frequent credit card limit increases to personal loans when needed. Thank you Avant!"
I used my new card to help buy Christmas gifts. Everything went smoothly. No problem whatsoever.
"Amazed at how fast I was approved.
I got my money immediately!!"
Choices on payments and terms was most helpful. My loan was promptly deposited and I was able to make early payment.
Customer service answered all my questions in a quick and efficient manner
Thanks for everything you do for me you are the best company I met..
Came in shortly after I got approved and used it for Christmas
Very easy application. Excelent service and very fast answer
"Credit line increases are easy, fair, and immediate"
"Date of experience: December 14, 2023"
The customer service is among the best that I have ever encountered. I have had to call them twice due to a vendor double charging my card. Both times they were very efficient and a short time waiting to get to a live person.
"This card reported to all 3 credit bureaus in 14 days after I received it, as soon as I used it, before I had a payment on the account due! My payment wasn't due for 3 weeks! I NEVER had a card report as soon as I ran it up without payment being due! It made my score drop 50 points! I would close it but it would hurt my credit score more! So I'm going to pay it off and NOT use again!!!!!!"
"Date of experience: December 31, 2023"
"Easy application, quick credit approval, great customer service!!!"
It was a great experience hassle free process
The application process was convenient and easy to complete. I interacted with a person when there was a technical issue and that process was seamless as well. This is my second time the company has helped me during Financial troubles. I'm happy with their service.
"I had items credit back to my account on December 18, 2023. Walmart sent my refund back to Avant credit card on December 18, 2023.Your company haven't credit my account. I will pay the credit card ASAP and I will close my credit account with your company, Avant."
"Date of experience: December 22, 2023"
Over all hole experience is awesome thx for giving me a chance
I called customer service bc every time I tried to use the card one day it was declined. The agent told me they do that bc of suspected fraud. He then unlocked the card for use again. He was very helpful.
"Thanks for the help! Easy process for the most part, hated having to talk to somebody after updating information everytime, they are very hard to understand, my loan took 2 days to complete then 3 days to deposit intro my bank but it’s done and I’m happy!"
Avant gave me a chance at a credit card and a personal loan. Their customer service is above and beyond what I expected and very professional agents. I would encourage anyone who is wanting to start credit go with Avant.. its been a few years since I got the credit card
Great service. Fast results. Easy to use app or even main website.
It's ok for a rental
The whole process was very transparent making things move very smoothly.
Thankful to get a loan to consolidate my debt
Avant is amazing and they always come through in the nick of time!
"Date of experience: December 28, 2023"
"These people are scam artists. I NEVER applied for a card, yet I received a bill for $39.00 and this supposed credit card NEVER came to my house.

I jumped through hoops trying to get them to fix this fake account. I tried to speak with a manager several times... but to no avail. I was told by some person who answered the phone (who did not speak English well) to send an email to their company. I again sent several, but nobody did anything. BUYER BEWARE!!!!"
Did work with Avant before that's why I came back to Avant for second loan
"It was simple to apply, and the money was in my bank account the next day! I would recommend this company to all my friends and family."
"Date of experience: December 07, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 17, 2023"
Really made the whole process not such a process. Exactly what I needed when I needed it
I just used it today and no problem. It worked good
"I was able to refinance my existing loan and move forward. Very easy process, never spoke to a person, which was a first for me, but the steps were easy to follow. Once logged into my account, the capabilities to see the status of the process was good. COVID tanked me and Avant is stepping stool to rebuild. Thanks Avant"
"Date of experience: December 26, 2023"
"Precision, thorough, kind, Professional and legal."
"Date of experience: December 07, 2023"
Avant you have been great when everyone else said no you gave me a chance and I paid the loan off one month early. I thank you for the opportunity do it again. Thank you Avant for believing in in second chances
My account went negative o called to ask why i had $62 available now negative 13
"When I called about an unauthorized charge, I was transferred to five people before someone could help me! After, I reached the right person they were able to help me quickly. My new card arrived in a timely manner."
Just seen if I qualified and I did.
Great fast and friendly service! I will always remember Avant to anyone!!!
I love that there very understanding with my financial situation
"Date of experience: December 27, 2023"
Everything went well until the license part I had trouble with. It kept saying not a match so I don't know what happened.
Love this card! Credit builder!
Experience was great! Very happy!
"Approved quickly
Easy online access"
They reviewed my documents and responded quickly. The loan was approved in less than 24 hours and the money was deposited into my account the next day.
Card was easy to activate and use for purchasing without a PIN number.
Right on Time!! And easy.
"Thus far, I am pleased with the experience of the business relationship with Avant. I hope that the relationship continues to have a positive impact on my life."
It was a great experience was easier than I expected great customer service and really helped me during a crucial time with my car breaking down a week before Christmas. I’m very grateful for Avant
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
Simple and easy. Total time from starting the application to approval was 8 minutes and within 7 hours the money was in my account.
My loan amount was accepted and quick to my direct deposit account. Thanks Avant
I love Avant! It has really helped my credit score with the regular updates! And giving a credit increase was a very needed surprise! Thank you Avant!
My experience was great! The process was quick and straightforward. I highly recommend Avant!
"Date of experience: December 17, 2023"
Fast process without any headache or phone calls
There was a problem with my card usage and they blocked it really fast. Good to know they are on top of this. Thank you
I love Avant. they have saved me twice! It’s so easy to upload and send documents to get approved for a loan. Thank you
Fast and easy
"Date of experience: December 24, 2023"
Excellent service good attitude very helpful he's very understanding
Excellent got a limit increase of 500.00 in just 6 months !!! Right before Christmas!!!
You made the application process easy and the completion time from start to approval was very quick.
Avant was quick and easy to get a loan from.
"My application was quick and easy, and I had an approval in no time. My money was also deposited within a couple days which was wonderful."
"Service was quick and easy response was quick, no hassles or haggling"
Kept having to give the same financial information over and over. It said approved and had a payment schedule and then I had to repeat this process over and over again. And still have not received monies or any decision to this day!!!
SO FAR I have been
It was fast and easy to go thru the process. Thank you for all ur help
Other than the email I havent had any experience so I guess it’s okay!
"When I 1st got my card I immediately paid the $39y fee, however it wasn't charged to my acct. Until my 1st statement processed. So of course I'm Xmas shopping and put $200 on my card THEN they decided to add $39 fee and put my card $5.41 OVER LIMIT without any type of notice or notification and took my credit score down with that. So once I obtain a fee free credit card I think I'm going to be cutting this one up."
Easy to deal with
"Date of experience: December 22, 2023"
Awesome company! The approval process only took a few hours. It was so quick and easy. Great experience…with reasonable payback terms.
"The money was there when I really needed it. The online application was easy to navigate, I received a quick approval, and funds were directly deposited into my checking acct on the day promised."
"Date of experience: December 18, 2023"
Approved and funded next day. I appreciate you guys refinancing my loan and helping me with my life.
It’s alright I guess.
I went to a gas station on Dec 19th and the card was declined.
Fast and easy approval! Money came the next day!
"Great service, quick transaction. Thank you"
It was a quick and easy experience. Got exactly wht I needed within 2 days.
"Date of experience: December 18, 2023"
"Fast,easy, able to use right away"
"This is the third time using Avant and this is a great company, The site is easy to use and fast response.
Highly recommend this company."
"Doing business with Avant was a pleasure. From the application process all the way thru to loan funding, the transaction was transparent, easy to understand, and timely . I would recommend this company with no hesitation."
"Easy to apply , use and get approved!"
"It was easy to obtain the card, and it’s a very user friendly site!"
"The card came faster than I thought, used it right away and had no problems with it."
The application process was easy and simple to do. Just answer a few questions and get your response within minutes. Checking your balance and payment options are also simple to review.
I LIKE THE APPLICATION PROCESS.AND I RECEIVED MY CARD PRETTY QUICK. I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO A LASTING FRIENDSHIP AND EXPERIENCE WITH AVANT. THANKS AVANT.
Great credit card ! Easy to set up on the app ! Easy to make payments via the app! In this day and age! Building credit is a must! Staying out of the rat race is very important! Don't feed into all the BS ! Pay your credit cards off every month! And remember Trump 2024
I didn't like how they put the annual fee right when I used the card got my bill and didn't know why I was over the credit limit
"Every thing was just smooth sailing. The customer service was phenomenal, the courtesy of your representatives were outstanding."
The time it took to get approval was so fast I couldn’t believe it
My card keeps getting blocked after one use but they do unblock the card fairly quickly
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Really good card! It's my favorite card now, cause I can use it and pay it with my debit card and the payment posts immediately!"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Excellent loan process. Seamless and simple.
It was a quick and easy process. My loan was approved in minutes.
"Pretty quick and effective process, money available the next day and they dont really judge based on your previous history give a chance"
This bank keeps blocking my charges when I use the card. I called four times to say the charges are legit and they still blocked charges. Very bad experience.
I have only used the card a few times. So far it has beenvgreat.
"Date of experience: December 21, 2023"
Just have a great experience with this company the service that is provided to me is easy to manage and thanks for being a company that believe in helping me with your services
Application and approval process was quick and easy. Loan amount was deposited and available in my account the very next day.
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
Excellent customer service. A financial partner that I can really trust.
"I ask for a certain amount, and provided the information, that Avant needed no problem in granting the money, and thankful for the trust they had toward me."
Just knowing someone is there that I can depend on is a definite help in the times we're living in.
The most seamless loan process ever. You’re presented with the maximum you qualify for. Once you choose the amount you want approval is immediate and funds are direct deposited within 24 hours. Truly remarkable. For start of application to money in my hand was about 18 hours. Facts!
"Great customer service
Easy to apply
And fast service"
"The Avant.com process for applying for a personal loan was easy to complete and easy to understand all the ""fluff"". Everything was laid out and explained clearly. I would refer anyone to take a look at Avant. Very happy with my experience with Avant"
"Easy, fast, and reliable."
"I’m very happy with my loan. Quick and easy process, and definitely affordable"
Avant is very fair about helping people getting a loan quickly. They show concern about helping people get their loan.
Avant- is a very good card to have. They seem to really care about their customers. Very professional when you call their customer service line
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Fast an reliable!
No hassles got what I needed and next day funds was in!!!!
Would recommend 100 times over"
"very fast and easy, thank you"
I got the amount I was approved for the very next business day which happened to be the day after I applied. It was very convenient and helpful for what I needed it for. Will do business again
Fast and simple! 48 hour turn around with no hassle.
"the app needs an update

otherwise it is OK"
"Date of experience: October 11, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 19, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 08, 2023"
"I was approved for a card. I registered a login but their page is blank. I tried it on 3 different browsers (Safari, Firefox, Chrome), rebooted, cleared cache, cookies, etc...and their website just doesn't work. I also tried it on my cell phone. I am thinking to close the account before I even receive the card because I do not want to have an account with a company that cannot even manage to have a working website."
Completely satisfied
"Took 2 weeks to review my application,, called a few times and couldn’t get an answer ,, but once approved the deposit was fast .. I want to say thank you to avant ,, it’s been very helpful the loan I was able to receive from them .. thank you"
I never thought I would get a loan. They were easy to work with and very fast to get an approval.
"Easy application, quick response, and fast delivery of monies."
"Date of experience: December 19, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 19, 2023"
"Fast and excellent quality service, very professional"
"Straight forward kind of deal, no surprises, I really love the experience with Avant so far.
Thank you Avant"
"Date of experience: November 28, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 09, 2023"
"Contacted customer service reference to billing issue. The person was very helpful, professional and very knowledgeable and took care of my problem very quickly."
I tried twice to use my credit card and different days and both times are declined.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 18, 2023"
I am so grateful for my Avant card. The application process was very easy to complete and I received approval within seconds. The card arrived within a few days and the website is very easy to navigate.
I don't not have clear online access to my account which make it difficult to make payments.
"You expect to be placed on hold for hours typically when you call customer service lines, but not here. My call was answered quickly and efficiently. No need to be transferred over and over to find what I needed. The CSR was knowledgeable and very helpful. He was able to take care of what I needed right then and there. Within minutes my issue was handled."
"Easy transactions, plus tap chip cars is great."
I appreciate your giving me another chance at credit. The only thing is it's so easy to spend that amount I would like to have some type of way to somewhat consolidate some of my bills..
"Date of experience: December 11, 2023"
So far this card is the best credit card i have owned! No stress or worries at all.
Quick response. No Bs. I thank you.
Fast and easy.
"Date of experience: December 08, 2023"
Excellent service I love thank you
"Avant is incredible! So simple and easy to apply for a loan. I did everything on my phone. I didn't even have to talk to anyone! I provided a few simple documents and answered a few questions. The next day I was approved for my loan, and two days later my funds were deposited directly into my chosen account. Thank you, Avant for all you do!"
Got approved fast & easy! They are giving me the opportunity to improve my credit score! Thank you
"The process was easy, took very little time and was approved quickly. It took a few day to hit my bank but it all worked out."
"Positive experience. Application was done online, and it was throughly easy. Recommend for individuals that has a fair credit score"
"I like having my Avant card, never had any issues. I like having it there so in an emergency I have it to use. As with all credit cards, being smart and responsible is very important!"
Approved within 4 min !
"The professionalism that this company has,"
L asked for help and got it guick Thank you
I love this credit card my experience has been great so far
"Haven’t had any issues with this card. Wish it didn’t have the $39 annual fee, and it could be removed. I’m getting offers for the same card now on Credit Karma for 2% cashback, instead of 1% cashback that I’m getting now, and supposedly with a higher credit line that I have now, no annual fee, 2% cashback, but the APR is much higher. I’ve had the card for well over a year have had a few credit line increases, but still think my credit line should be much higher than it is, especially since I see what people are getting as a credit line, compared to what I have now after holding the card and paying my statement balances in full every month for well over a year. Started at $300 and it’s now at $1000 as of the other day. Feel card should have a credit line of at least $1500 - $2000. Plus, I have a great track record with WebBank! Overall it’s a great card and have recommended it to family & friends who now have the card too. Always have had a great experience, just too low of credit line."
"Date of experience: December 12, 2023"
It's good to know that their are still credit card companies who are willing to work with people regardless of their credit score. Bad things happen to good people and sometimes it's hard to get back on your feet. Thank You for my SECOND CHANCE __.
"Date of experience: December 11, 2023"
"Easy process and received my money in a few business days, very satisfied"
"Outstanding, I will recommend this credit card to other who looking for a card"
"Perfect service. Gave me opportunity to get better APR and pay off all my credit Cards. Loved this guys! Fast service, approval easy and fast ."
"I have had a card with this company for a few years now and love them. I have also had personal loans and never a problem. High interest rates, but I'll take it compared to a company who doesn't give someone a chance. No complaints what so ever!"
"I was very please with the speedy process of taking out a loan with Avant, I have never took out a loan before but with inflation I noticed that I’m using more of my credit cards, and with interest rates are sky rocketing I found myself cornered. So I decided to try out for a loan thru credit karma, the first one I tried was Best egg and the process was a week long headache, at the end they denied me.
so I tried Avant and was approved in minutes. I was so excited and happy. I definitely recommend Avant for your personal loans. I plan on sticking with Avant for the long haul."
The easy and no hassle response that I received.
Avant was fast. Very easy process.
"Date of experience: December 08, 2023"
The app works good easy access easy to operate.
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
Awesome card would recommend to anyone trying to build credit 5star service __ __ __
I applied for the card online after I received my offer in the mail. The application was easy and I was approved in a timely manner. I have used my card for a few purchases and it was very successful. I am happy to be a customer and look forward to the future opportunities when I need to make a purchase and make my payment on the website. Thank you.
"Date of experience: December 09, 2023"
Amazingly fast approval and received funds into my bank almost immediately. Couldn't believe it. What an amazing institution to deal with
The company promptitude and easy documentation are high quality along the process.
"Very good and really professional that makes it happen, thank you"
"They were fast to review my application, and then fast to send the money over. Which made it easier for me to pay off my obligations this month and then start paying Avant next month!
They were friendly and quick to answer my questions."
It works great everywhere I go. Got the card quickly and the process to check my credit was a soft credit check along with fast decision.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Quick and easy to apply. What I liked the most was that I didn’t have to talk with anyone.
Fast easy-to-use application process and approval.
"Date of experience: December 07, 2023"
"Quickly and super-fast process, these guys get you a loan in less than 48hrs that is so cool when you are in a need of money."
Avant customer service. They was attentive to my loan application. I don't have no complaints my experience was handled with great customer service. Thank you.
I felt for an existing loan holder who has never has been late with a payment the amount of time it took to get a decision was a little excessive
Just started using Avant and has been a great experience
"I called to get a replacement card after taking the information said she was going to connect me to the person that will fix tje problem for me. All of a sudden there is a page that said for 1 dollar you can talk ro a specialest to fix the problem and 46 dollars a month.
I have heard of nickel and dimming to death but they charge 10.08 per month service fee and i havent used the card or owed anything except there fee for 8 or 9 months.so i pay over 120. 00 dollars a year and if i want a new card it will cost 46.00 a month. I dont think i need this card any longer. I am afraid to ask how much they charge close the account."
Excellent online loan experience. User friendly and great customer service.
Easy to use and accepted pretty much everywhere.
"Date of experience: December 04, 2023"
Applying was quick. Funds were available within 24 hours. Was able to pay off cc debt so I can concentrate on 1 monthly pmt while increasing credit score.
"Date of experience: December 11, 2023"
"The fund is so fast,Once your approved, after 2 days they transfer your money, easy application"
"Date of experience: December 08, 2023"
I have had nothing but good experiences with Avant. Everything is done quickly and I've had no negative issues.
Great card think I cheated myself on my limit but glad I can get a increase I told friends about the card hope they apply to
Very good company. Helps customers with a second chance with their credit.
Very surprised at how quick the process of my loan was. Such a Blessing at this time of year. Thank you Avant!
"Date of experience: December 10, 2023"
"It was so quick and easy to apply for a Loan! This Loan was honestly a Lifesaver to ensure that I keep a Roof over my Head. Legal Representation was a Must and I had no Idea how much that would Cost, WOW!! I have to Thank Avant So Much for securing my future."
It’s good and they are great in email communication.
Very easy to apply and reasonable payments.
"Date of experience: December 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 10, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 08, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 03, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
"Your company has been great and helpful. I was expecting a larger credit line, based on my financial information provided...but otherwise I am a satisfied with my experience!"
Would recommend Avant to my friends
"Date of experience: November 24, 2023"
It was simple and quick in 2 days i got the deposit. Thanks to you i will be able to fix my home a bit with the electrical problems and istall new doors. Thanks. Ed
"no problem with charging on my credit card. everything going great with customer's service. and payments. very satisfied with my Avant credit card. fast service excellent approval rates. prompt service with card, no delayed with approval on items purchased."
"Easy to set up, the automatic payments are good and enjoy a long relationship with your company __"
"So far , so good ! Nothing but positive things!"
"Every time I use my card, the card gets declined and I have to call into customer service to have them approve the purchase. Every.Single.Time- since the very first time I used the card."
"Date of experience: December 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
"After all the security you put into just getting the damn account …. Picture of license , social and a selfie , once it arrived I activated it to go Xmas shopping where 4 stores into my shopping trip you decided my card had to have been stolen and you shut it off, causing issues for the day! I have my card , nobody else! It’s Xmas season , lots of shopping to do ! Basically unless I tell you there is a problem THERE IS NO PROBLEM SO STOP MAKING PROBLEMS!!!"
Came though in the clutch. Easy to make payments.
"I had this card in the past I just recently applied for it again I believe you guys have a great service. The app is very easy to use. The only problem I have. Is the low amount of credit line you gave me I believe in the past it was much higher, so looking forward to establishing a relationship in order to build more credit and a better credit score. Thank you."
Easy to work with and professional staaff
I received a text message saying that I was eligible for an increase and answering just a couple questions within a few minutes my my increase was approved.
Avant has always been extremely great for me for credit cards and personal loans.know need to worry about all those other so call payday lenders with extra red tape and loopholes.Avant is has very competitive rates and monthly payment options that best fits my budget every month .Another thing I love about avant- is the mobile app you can see everything you need to know about all my credit cards and loans.All my accounts are essentially always accessible at a click while on the go.Thanks Avant for the opportunity to save with great rates and a no hassle loan options and great credit card options.
Avant was very easy to apply and helped me when others would not. Thank you Avant
Gave me a loan years ago when no one else would it got me out of hock now when Avant offered me a credit card I jumped at it since their C/S was wonderful when I had the loan
"This company has worked with me from bad credit to good credit through debt consolidation and has never said no, I truly appreciate you"
"I requested a credit line increase to work on my credit score, and Avant was more than willing to help. Thank you Avant
Sincerely;Robert Runnels"
"Date of experience: November 23, 2023"
I love that the communication line is open for discussion and answers.
"Date of experience: December 07, 2023"
Quick approval
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
You can charge the annual fee right away and not wait until we are close to our limit to make us over the actual credit limit.
Great process of obtaining an approval. Wonderful customer service!
"Date of experience: December 05, 2023"
It didn't take long to get approved and money in my account
"Extremely reliable , fast service & not a hassle"
The application and approval process was super easy!!!
It helps me to rebuild my credit and I like it
I thank you for giving me a 2nd chance after my job of 24 years layed off my whole department
"Date of experience: November 16, 2023"
"Excellent customer service, a great card to rebuild credit."
Amazingly fast approval. No nonsense. Loved it
Fast delivery and great service
Multiple options on rates and repayment. Fast Funds is no joke. 24 hours from start to finish. Easy auto pay set up. Worry free for sure!
User Friendly App and payments process very simple.
I am declined constantly for normal purchases.
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
It's new to me but so far been working out so far.
Love the app and costumer service it’s fast and explain everything very well
Avant has been great so far no issues and I enjoy using my card. There has been many times that I have used the card for different purchases.
Interest rates are very high. Consumers would be more willing to use with lower rates
"Card came on time, only bad thing I have to say is trying to get a credit increase is difficult"
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
"This is a very great company.
Who gave me credit
When most other places wouldn't And I appreciate them for their Professionalism"
"Service was awesome, from the application to providing necessary documents, 2 day funding.

Avant for Life!!

Thank you."
"Date of experience: December 05, 2023"
"Helpful, easy and friendly."
"Quick and efficient.
Highly recommended!"
"Date of experience: November 28, 2023"
"Everything but credit level to low, could be at least 500"
"Date of experience: November 28, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
Smooth process and excellent experience.
Very easy place to get your loan and Very fast response I would really recommend avant....
You helped me when other loan company didn't understand what I was trying to do. Thank you very much.
I received my card promptly activated it with no problems bought a few things and paid on my card with no issues.
Your application online was very easy to use and fast response time.
You offered a little help with a loan just in time
Love the card so easy to use the app is great to keep track of your purchases
"My experience wit Avant has been a blessing to be able to rebuild my credit, reporting to the credit bureau very often, receiving an increase without requesting one. They monitor your progress very carefully and always give you tips on keeping your credit balance low. Thank you for giving me a second chance to make this possible."
"Thank u for reporting me for being over my limit by $9 and lower my credit score after hitting my account with a $39 fee, I appreciate it :)"
This company was very easy to work with and provided the loan that I applied for the very next day into my account. Very easy to apply and quickly approved the loan also.
East process and got the money quickly.
"They have great customer service. More than once this month I had issues that I needed help with,the staff was very helpful and we're available at a late hour. Thank you so much."
"Date of experience: December 03, 2023"
Everything was quick and easy…
Great credit card for rebuilding your credit
"Date of experience: November 27, 2023"
I am not using my card at the moment because I am not able to pay my payment on the app. I don’t understand why you would have an app but not let the customer pay their payment on it. Very upsetting. You ask me to go paperless and then I’m blocked to make a payment. I have no idea how I’m supposed to pay. If it weren’t so difficult to pay it would make customers pay quicker and easier.
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 03, 2023"
Easy to use and their customer service is great.
"I’ve used this card and it seems to be OK. I’m using it mostly to put gas in my vehicle because I plan to pay it off every month so that way I can control my spending on this card. I have yet to have any experience with them as far as making a payment, but I will do that shortly and, if I have another chance, I will let you guys know"
"Date of experience: December 02, 2023"
You made it quick and easy. Thank you.
"Every thing has gone the way they advertise. On line was easy to set up.
Thanks"
"Date of experience: November 22, 2023"
Easy peasy. Thank you
We have credit left to utilize and for some reason the card won’t work. Contacted customer service and got no resolution via chat assistant.
"Very helpful, thank you for that Mr Love."
"Date of experience: November 27, 2023"
Using this card is easy with out any problems
The online application process was easy
The only bad experience I had is the card was rejected because of a belief of possible fraud and it was wrong.
No introduction fee or yearly and accepted everywhere
The recommendation was on my credit karma to try Avant for quick personal loans. All the reviews online were spot on!!! I applied online late Friday night and received an email within an hour with my approval and confirmation that funding would occur on Tuesday. It was easy an such a blessing!
The ease of using your App is what makes me want to use you.
Very efficient and helpful.
Always having trouble using card in different places.
Getting a loan from Avant was easy and fast. Tank you for being here.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
...application process was easy and quick..with an actual decent credit limit! Card came fast and just made first payment..so far it's GREAT!
The easiness of getting the card and using it.
"Date of experience: November 24, 2023"
Received approval and card promptly with no issues
"Date of experience: November 30, 2023"
"I’ve used avant 3 times for loans. Even with not so great credit I still got approved. The application was easy. The approval time is quick, and the loan amount gets directly deposited into your account quick also."
They were courteous and professional
"Date of experience: November 22, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 28, 2023"
Helpful more than you know
"Date of experience: November 20, 2023"
"Good evening, I was not evening thinking about refinancing the loan. It was just on time to take care of some unexpected expenses. You guys made it easy and your system of doing it was quick professional and prompt. Thank you so much."
Was easy to apply The app was really easy to set up to make payments easier online
You gave me an excellent chance of loan through Credit Karma. I filled out all info. You asked for more information 3 times. Then cancelled because the date expired from Nov 27 to Nov 29. Were you just stringing me a long to get my personal information?
Very easy to apply for this loan as was my previous loans. The customer service representative was very friendly and helpful in completing my application and my loan payment was in my checking account in 24 hrs thank you
You definitely serve your consumers with careful attention and responsibility when you offer to refinance the loan for a lower interest rate. The offer was a pleasant surprise for me and truly helps my family reach our financial goals.
"Date of experience: November 26, 2023"
I need to know can I loan
"It was very easy and fast, outstanding."
I was approved almost instantly. The rates are decent and the monthly price is great. The length of loans are low and very manageable.
Fast turn around. Very simple process making it super easy and convenient.
Applied for a personal loan online. The process was simple and easy. Just filled out the application and submitted the evidence they requested and got approved. Got funds the next day after approval. I don’t have perfect credit. Recommended.
"I have tried several times to set up my account online so that I can check my balances and pay my bill. I have tried calling customer service and either I cannot understand them or they cannot understand me, but I never get anywhere. It is very frustrating, the issue is it keeps linking my information to my spouse who does not have an Avant card. I would love for someone to contact me to help me get this resolved so I can leave a better review"
Great card for emergencies! Happy with it ____
I attempted to update my mailing address to my P.O. Box and was advised by CSR as well as a Avant supervisor that it was not possible. The supervisor was so rude and refused to escalate the issue to her supervisor. I have all of my credit cards as well as bank accounts going to my P.O. Box for mailing purposes. I’m not sure why it is different for Avant or why they have such poor customer service skills. The supervisor I spoke with should be fired for speaking to a new customer the way that she did. I do not recommend this company. Avant you really should do better.
Great loan company easy to use app overall very satisfied
"Date of experience: November 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 02, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 27, 2023"
This will be my third loan from Avant. Always had good experience getting the loans. The application was people friendly with no hassle. The money has always been deposited into the bank within a week. Make your payments on time and there's no problem. Thank you Avant.
It was easy and quick
"Date of experience: November 27, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 27, 2023"
You guys have been very helpful with everything thank you so much
Great company to partner with. Everything was fast and great customer service.
"Date of experience: November 22, 2023"
Ease of application and process time were wonderful. Customer service was very helpful and cordial.
"Date of experience: November 26, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 20, 2023"
"You guys are a ""God"" send, because Im not trying to get rich from you guys, I just got into a jam and need aid and assistance to get my vehicle back on the road so I can start making money again. With Avant's help I can do that now, Thanks Avant : ).
Your system is streamlined, expeditious, and friendly. You really got it down to a science. That comforting to know in these days and time.
Thanks for allowing the optional lending rates, it really made my payback affordalel. Your lending rate was much bettter than the other lending stores that had visited. Now Im attempting to pay back the loan quicker than expected. Again thank you for your expeditious manner in-which you guys got the money to my account.
Im having a great experience so far with Avant, again thank you, especially because my Birthday was November 24th, 2023.
Which made for a beautiful on time birthday present, again Thank you, and Happy Holidays to the Avant family. Peacenblessings : ) ***"
"Date of experience: November 24, 2023"
Great credit card. Although high APR it helps improve your credit score if used responsibly.
What made my experience great is that: I was treated like a valued and trusted customer. I had no hassle with requesting funds.
The ease of refinancing. Quick answer.
Great service. Very friendly and helpful staff.
"Date of experience: November 18, 2023"
I have not had a situation with prompted me to call in and speak with a representative at this time. But I will rate the usage of the card as a five.
"You guys are considerate and respond to your customer's needs in a professional and timely manner. I have not regretted being with Avant!
May God BLESS us all ____"
"Date of experience: November 25, 2023"
The AVANT card has been a blessing in the skies for me. It’s been almost three years since I have this card and Not once have I had issues with credit increase or any purchase coverage. I totally recommend this card for anyone looking to better their credit score and have a reliable card and team behind them____________________
"Date of experience: November 02, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
"Quick response, got what I needed"
"Has done what I thought a card would do, so far"
"Date of experience: November 17, 2023"
Consolidated three smaller high interest loans with Avant saving tons on interest. The process was quick and easy and all on line. Funding was next business day. Couldn't be happier
"Date of experience: November 10, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 19, 2023"
Very easy to work with. Competitive and fair rates.
Got my money the next day just in time for Black Friday shopping. Yah!!!!
"Date of experience: November 13, 2023"
"The application was easy with a quick decision, funds placed in account on date promise..and I never spoke to anyone...good job"
"Date of experience: November 22, 2023"
Not a problem with the loan process. Very professional and courteous.
"Date of experience: November 17, 2023"
"I've had an AVANT credit card for a couple of years, and have had great experience with that relationship. I've had a large balance on all my credit cards which I have been trying desperately to knock down, with little success. I received an offer from AVANT for a personal loan to pay my credit card debt. Although the interest rate is high, it allowed me to pay off all my credit cards and lowered my monthly payments by $400. That gives me much-needed breathing room and I can now pay more than the minimum payment on that loan to pay it off more quickly. All in all, I am very pleased with my association with AVANT."
"Date of experience: November 17, 2023"
"Avant made getting a personal loan to consolidate my credit cards a breeze. I especially loved how easy the loan process is, by using their online process to upload all the necessary documents. Thank you Avant!!!!!"
The application process was very long & confusing. I spoke with numerous different people & one didn’t know what the other had done or said. Otherwise it was okay.
"Date of experience: November 20, 2023"
Getting a personal loan with Avant was super easy and the interest rate was acceptable as well.
"Date of experience: November 09, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 18, 2023"
"Avant, always there when most needed...thank you!__"
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
The process to apply for the credit card was easy and I liked that. I can wait to receive it.
I recieved the help when i really needed it
Good card started with $500 limit and supposed to increase in 3 months .very satisfied!!
"Date of experience: November 05, 2023"
My first experience with avant is was great and trustworthy than other lenders they help me with my loan.
"This card was very easy to apply for, not complicated.. Great experience.. The company makes it very easy to understand your bill & make payments.. If you need to reach customer Service, that is easily accessible also.. So far it’s been a great experience with Avant.."
It's a good card to help me with credit. Thank you
It was easy and fast. Did not have any problems. Thank you for giving me the loan
Had an unexpected emergency and needed a loan asap they were very fast and had my loan quickly would recommend
The company. Very Diligent company.
Applying for a loan is so easy with Avant. Quick and very convenient. I highly recommend them!
Easy to use. No hassle so far so good
Very helpful can count on your brand when I need help
"Date of experience: November 09, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 12, 2023"
Received card as indicated. I am using credit card without any issues. Thank you.
Good customer service process was quick and got my loan deposited in my account next day
I need to contact customer service about an issue
"Date of experience: November 19, 2023"
It’s gud I would recommend others to apply for a card
The representative was kind and easy to fix my issue thank you
"They gave me a chance to build my credit up, I will be ever so grateful to continue to work with them."
I wasn't required to provide NY paperwork and the process moved very quickly.
"Date of experience: November 18, 2023"
You credit card was a blessing just in time for an emergency electrical al problem at my home.Thank you for this timely offer and acceptance.You have made the online account easy to use and all communication ith you has been answered quicly.
I’m good right now just would like a higher credit limit. Thanks
It was a great experience applying for a loan. I never applied for a loan before. It was easy and the company helped me with my financial needs. What to thank the company for helping me. Also can you give me information on how to deduct my monthly payment from my bank account. Thanks again.
it was smooth and easy to apply. Made first payment online and that was easy also.
fast and easy to use but do wish I could establish my own pin number.
Very friendly need more info for early payments
As a new card in my wallet I find the app easy to use and transactions go off without a hitch. I gladly recommend this company and card services to anyone looking!
"Date of experience: November 19, 2023"
Very easy to apply. Quick response time. Loan was available less than 24 hours after applying.
"I applied for this loan to consolidate my debt and was approved very quickly, saving me hundreds in interest charges. Great"
"I believe that this company is good even though. I didn't get a credit card. So I'm trying to still get one I don't have no credit at all. And I would like to get record and start something somewhere.
So but I just wanted to let you. People know that you are a good company. I could see that and I'm willing to pay you $39. And you'll fear whatever it is and put some money up front for the card but. I got tonight, so maybe you guys might change your mind and give me a chance. Because it doesn't seem like I'm getting it anywhere. Thanks for your time have a good day,MARVIN BLAKE"
"Out of all the lending companies out there, Avant is one of the few that tool a chance on me. I chose Avant because of the better rates and terms and easy application process. I got the money fast. Thank you Avant for helping people like me."
"As a single mom of four kiddos struggling to balance both bills and trying to get Christmas this year, it was great to get some help in one payment instead of four different payments going to different places! Will be forever grateful for the help I’ve gotten with this company and would gladly recommend to anyone!"
"I just barely received my card, so there is not much to review. Getting the card was easy as possible."
"Love of people. prompt action to ones need, Staffs work diligently to meet customers need."
"Date of experience: November 15, 2023"
"I've just started with avant mastercard, so far I like the no annual fee(s) with it. I don't see where you should be charged with something when you are already paying your balance off every month and still get hit with an 80.00 fee and a 8.00 fee every month just because you are not credit worthy or you are just getting started with your credit accounts. I believe in paying my bills every month __ ok give me a break! In these difficult times I am blessed for companies like these that give u a chance. Thanks avant I will be a customer till the end of time."
The process was quick and easy and the funds were deposited within 24 hours after the requirements for the loan are met.
The fact that I was able to get this card was awesome. I will be making a full payment of my balance on the 27th of this month.
Got me approved quickly & kept me updated about when to expect my card along with other useful info about my account
It was quick process
Very easy process representative helped me with going the process with no problems
"Good card,used it to do most of my Christmas shopping."
My experience was great because the process was straightforward and simple. There was no long wait to get a yes or no answer. Thank you.
"I was approved for a card and received an email letting me know. Then received an email to let me know my card was on the way. The card arrived promptly and I was able to activate it quickly online. I have had no problems thus far.
I will admit I was a little nervous after reading several negative reviews. I am sorry they had a bad experience, but thus far everything has been great for me. I am glad I took a chance."
Thank you for the opportunity to be a part of this service. It is my desire to grow with you for many years.
"Excellent card with excellent customer service, thank you."
"Date of experience: November 17, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 17, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 17, 2023"
I started out having problems sending the information they needed but they worked with me to get to where I needed to be and I am thankful for that
New customer. Just learning app.
Easy to apply able to use card right away . Waiting to see what improvements it does for my credit score !
"Easy application process, and prompt response to all requests."
It was fast and quick. Right the day I supposed to receive the money i needed it was there in my bank account. All information needed easy to upload.
They were very helpful with my questions.
"Date of experience: November 10, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
I am so pleased .. to be given the opportunity to receive this Avant credit card.. i look forward to seeing the results of your company and credit assistance.. Thank you.
"Date of experience: November 02, 2023"
Great communication. Nice and easy. Quick funds
"Date of experience: November 16, 2023"
"It was easy to apply, card came quickly, easy to activate and off I went. I'm happy to be building credit."
Very easy from start to finish
I would have liked a higher limit like $700. But other wise good
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
Easy to navigate app. Great people to talk to…..
"The whole experience has been great. Easy application, easy to activate. Overall a wonderful experience."
"Helpful, friendly, professional staff. Kept me updated through the process."
Easy process got my funds ACH the next day. Thank avant
My experience was great when applying for a loan. The online process was very easy and fast. The money was deposited into my account the next day. Thank you Avant for helping me.
"Just knowing, I have this in case something comes up,just wish it was more"
"Been waiting 2 weeks still no card
No Customer service phone number
Is this really real"
The Avant site is easy to use and easy to apply. I had 3 loans with Avant and was able to pay them in a timely manner with convenient payment methods.
"I would like to thank Avant for giving me the opportunity to build my credit up, when other denied my application. Avant didn't hesitate on approval of my application I'm very grateful l will make them proud of me and they won't regret."
The response was immediate and the funds was deposited into the account by the next business day.
"Date of experience: November 07, 2023"
I liked how easy it was to apply & get the steps needed. It was a bit unusual that it asked to sign in to my bank which made me feel a bit uneasy since I had never been asked for that from other lenders. Besides that the process was super consumer friendly.
Very easy process. Got the money next day!
"Date of experience: November 10, 2023"
They made everything simple and easy to understand. I got my loan in two days.
"My experience has not been great. I understand fraud protection, however, do not understand how multiple transactions would not go through and when you call customer service, they stated they are having trouble releasing the card. I was trying to pay the pharmacy and after 20 mins customer service could not release card."
"Date of experience: November 09, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 14, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 14, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 14, 2023"
Hi the company us to back on track with paying off our credit card debt
Very easy and very fast and cheaper then other loan companies
U started me out a small loan then took out 70 some dollars over drafted my account coldest even enjoy my card I'm struggling right now get christmas gifts for my kids I need this card to help
"Received my card in less then 10 days
Took only a few seconds to activate"
They gave me chance to rebuild my credit.
Rate is better than others and process if is awesome
"Date of experience: November 07, 2023"
I have been able to access my account whenever needed and the app works great for checking balances and making payments.
"Everytime I try to use my card to shop online, it gets rejected."
Such a quick and easy loan process. Their rates were some of the best out there. Definitely recommend!!
"Date of experience: November 06, 2023"
Your employees
"Date of experience: November 09, 2023"
"Easy process, friendly staff & fast funding."
It was good but it my first time to look at it and will be getting a paper bill in the mail or will I have to pay over the phone
Your company has helped me out of a tight financial squeeze. Thank you
"Easy and simple, fast"
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
It has worked good and enjoy using the card. Thank you!
Avant has great customer service. I recently applied for a loan online but called in because I had questions. My wait time was short and my questions were answered promptly. The person I spoke with was friendly and professional.
I was shown a $1500 limit then the card shows up at $300
Great customer service and wanted to work with me on my financial journey thank you
I really like this card and it's advantages. Thank you!
Doing very good. Keep up the good work.
Timely communication. Accurate and pertinant.
"Date of experience: November 11, 2023"
"I called with a minor concern and the young lady was extremely helpful and courteous. She was patient, knowledgeable and caring. My situation was resolved in a matter of seconds. Thank you."
"Great credit builder, customer service"
Avant was quick with its response. The interest rate was reasonable and fair.
I am happy with my credit card. Thank you remind the payment due. I like check up my credit history paying due. I am happy with lower payment. Thank you very much.
"Such an excellent and easy way to apply for your loan , No hassle just straightforward ! Absolutely pleased I would highly recommend getting your loans through Avant !"
Respectful. Ease in making payment.
"Great credit limit
Payments are easy and at no cost with a live agent"
Easy to apply and get accepted. Limit was a lower than I had anticipated but that's ok. Received my card within 7-10 days as stated. Haven't used the card yet. Website is very user-friendly.
"Date of experience: November 11, 2023"
My totally experience has been wonderful !!
Avant took my payment out TWO days early on a Saturday. They put my account in the hole because of this. They even have it posted it will come out Nov. 13th. Today is the 11th. I am fuming. WHY WOULD THEY DO THIS TO ME???
The customer service reps were very helpful and courteous. They answered all my questions and they followed thru with emails as the process was going thru. I would recommend them.
"I love the way you can call to make a payment and speak to someone not a computer talking ,"
easy to use. good support
"Worst credit card I ever had! High interest and they say they wave one late fee a year, and I’ve asked twice and haven’t had any of my requests not even one approved . Customer service is the worst , they don’t care about you as a person. Once I pay this off I’m never getting their credit card again. Don’t recommend them at all."
It was so easy to apply to become a member of this financial institution. Their easy to work with to get your questions answered.
"Date of experience: November 03, 2023"
"Avant is a great company when comes to a loan, they believe in a second chance. The only thing is that they APR% rates are alittle higher then other companies. I guess that's because of ur credit."
"one of or if not the best loans you can get, fast and easy! highly recommend!"
"Thank you for the card, it's helpful for groceries and a few Christmas gifts, so thankful"
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
I just Joined the company I just love the mobile app it's quick and precise and all of my information is right there so I can review it anytime
Very easy to check balances and easy payments this is a very good card I look forward to seeing how far I can grow with this card my credit limit is stifling but maybe they will increase it and I can stay with them. THANKS
Love the cash back rewards
"Funds deposit fast
Avant helped me in a moment of need. Monthly payments are affordable and now I have some breathing room while I continue with my daily life comfortably."
Convenient and hassle-free yet they inform me of every transaction that I make.
"If you dont use thier web site payment method, they wont credit any other payment method for weeks. This causes a credit report entry as late and incures late payments. This has happened several times for me including Discover card sending them a payoff balance transfer. They do this despite several calls. BEWARE!"
"Date of experience: October 27, 2023"
"I tried to get on avant.com before I got my first bill, andI could not get on to make my payment. But it’s ok, as long as don’t have to contact you online"
Easy to navigate online. Easy to read the information
"Answered all questions, turned over needed documents and they approved loan, was deposited next day!"
This company has always got me out of jams. Thanks for all you do
"I've had the card a little over a month, and so far so good. When I make a payment it usually credited the next day."
It was very simple to do the refinance and the funds was deposited into my account fairly quick.
I like that I can navigate the site easily. It was also easy to activate my card.
Easily downloaded documents via my laptop. Got approved within 5 minutes! Funds deposited the next day.
Fast and money came within a few days
"Date of experience: October 28, 2023"
"Very quick and simple process. Received funds within 1 business day, and account dashboard is very clean and easy to navigate. Will definitely use this company for more loans in the future."
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"Easy to deal with, highly recommended!!"
The card has been wonderful so far. The biggest issue I have had is the card is not compatible with the Square Up system for payments. Most small business companies seem to only have this particular payment system available. It has created a couple of embarrassing situations for me.
Everything about this card has worked perfectly fine and so far I have no complaints whatsoever
Awesome experience with Avant. Very easy to apply and fast responds
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
They made the process easy and got results quickly.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
The entire process from applying to now has been a great experience.
"Date of experience: November 06, 2023"
"Quickly received the money, it was easy and quick. The interest rates were about half of all other loan companies. I'm very impressed. I've got no complaints."
"Date of experience: November 07, 2023"
i would like to see the merchants name on the daily transaction list instead of waiting until the statement comes out.
Continues to charge me fees after account requested and acknowledged closed twice over 2 years.
"Thanks for making the card to easy to get..
we needed a repair and got done.."
"Date of experience: November 07, 2023"
"Quick,Affordable transaction where we needed."
"Date of experience: November 07, 2023"
One issue after another card doesn’t work or gets locked up then I have to call they say it’s reset then try and use it still didn’t work.
"Great customer service, easy application and great people to deal with."
No hassle everything just went so smooth happy to be a part of the family
"Date of experience: November 06, 2023"
"Great Experience ,First i would like to thank your company for making me part of your financial family. Your customer service was excellent the representatives i had spoken to were patient and clear about any questions and concerns i had. Sincerely B. Hunter 10/2023"
"I tried to get a loan from this company. For almost a week, her employees called me at any time they wanted, although I asked to call me at 1pm so that it would not be while I was working in the office. During the call, I can hear almost nothing, since in the background of the conversation of their employee, other conversations and other noises are constantly heard, obviously their company does not know anything about noise reduction. Every day they asked me for more and more information, they even called on Saturday and Sunday. On Sunday during the call, I asked how I could cancel this application, after which the agent still asked questions, she agreed that the additional information she requested was not needed, and said that I would need to check the status of my case in my cabinet and see if it was needed more documents. On Sunday evening I saw that more documents were needed, and on Monday I saw that my application was cancelled. When I called the company and asked why my application was canceled and how to resume it, the agent told me that I canceled my application and if I wanted, I could fill out a new form and that since 7 days had not yet passed, my application would be renewed. When I did this, I received a message that they could not provide me with a loan at this time. Terrible experience with this company!"
I'm loving my card ever since I applied for it. And they keep raising my credit limit __
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 03, 2023"
A quick response to my application and how fast I got the card in the mail.
"First, I enjoy the security features. Secondly it has a simple web and mobile design for which one can easily find whatever he's searching for.

But it however takes forever to reach a customer service agent via the contact number provided by the bank. That area should be looked into and fixed ASAP."
"My favorite company to do business with.
Thanks again!"
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 03, 2023"
Great card . Great customer service . Easy to use
The way you continue to reach out and stay in touch with updates about your company
I applied for the card was approved. The problem is you have to use a residential address to receive the card. Which I have numerous credit cards. I only receive mail at a post office because our town is so little we don’t have mailboxes at our house. So before I would call the credit card company and have it shipped to my P.O. Box. Well avant- said they can’t do that. And they said I can send it to another address but have to send documents to do this. This $300 credit card is not worth my time. So I told the rep to delete the application because it’s not worth it.
The card is not accepted everywhere like Western Union and the gym
Very easy to deal with. Prompt reply to any questions or any issues you may have arise.
"I had a very bad experience with Avant. They closed my account and it was reported to the credit bureau.
When I called to question why, I was told because I haven’t used it in 3 billing cycles. My card was paid up and I was saving it for an emergency.
Wow!!!! Thanks for nothing!"
"Well, I'm trying to see what's it like experience with Avant credit card. I want to know is it true 0 annual fee. I want you to be honest with me."
"Date of experience: October 17, 2023"
"Needed a boost this week! Thank-you, it's great to be a customer!"
"Date of experience: November 05, 2023"
I received the card in a timely matter. I feel like they supply the financial support i need to build my credit
"Date of experience: November 05, 2023"
Very quick and easy
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
Quick decision. Prompt communication. I received my card in less than 10 business days.
"Make sure to know that the company doesn’t charge the annual fee as soon as the card is activated. I called and asked a representative and they it was charged, now my account is negative"
Fast & easy application processing & approval
I have been a customer to Avant after Karma suggested me this lender.Iam working hard on my score and it is actually over the 713 score...I received so many suggestions to refinance and i decided to apply for it to just receive a snap on my cheek.Denial and not even offered a lower $$ refinance even i made extra payments to the loan and i only owe them pennies....Dissapointed! I am scheduling the payoff and forgetting about this company !
Nice an easy application and great using it
Great credit card to have you can check it online on your phone. Great customer service.
"Avant is very Awesome !!!
Everything was so simple !!!"
Easy to deal with. Quick response to any questions I had.
"Date of experience: November 02, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 04, 2023"
Received funds I needed at a great loan interest rate
"Date of experience: November 04, 2023"
Super easy to apply and rapid response! I'm very happy and will use Avant again without hesitation.
"Date of experience: November 04, 2023"
Well I gave you a 5 star because I know and feel that I'm really going to like having this card. I'm a brand new customer and really haven't had the opportunity to see much to really give a review right now but I'm going off my instincts.
"Its a great experience, very satisfaction"
"Cameera was excellent and if i had't missed a call from her, the process would have been easier.. When I called back, I spoke to a gentlemen who I could not undersand..He asked the same questions I had covered with Cameera... then he miss lead me..He said all was okay but it wasn't... When i called again, fortunately Cameera answered and she solved the issues outstanding..."
"Date of experience: November 04, 2023"
"They will withdraw from your account early, charge you a late fee, then when you present them literal documented evidence showing the date they extracted, the agreed upon date for them to extract, and the fee they charged you, they tell you there's nothing they can do."
"Real professional, friendly, helpful and always on top of things..
Awesome people.
I recommend highly.."
"Date of experience: November 03, 2023"
"I've tried to engage Avant for small purchase loans and always paid them back. NOW, for some unknown reason, they've decided to call my telephone which is having issues instead of my cell. I've tried to fix it, and never have. I had its ""debit"" card and it was denied. All this for paying ON TIME EVERYTIME AND EVEN PAYING EARLY. They are a different bunch, now."
"Date of experience: November 03, 2023"
"Despite following instructions exactly ( no mistakes ) this credit card from anpost won't function as it should.

specifically, tried to purchase on amazon and the verification doesn't work. tried repeatedly.
Also, the online payment for the balance doesn't funtion and i have to phone EVERY time. Time is money, i do NOT have time to waste on hold and waiting to get onto a customer service representitive.
I am writing from Ireland."
"Date of experience: October 13, 2023"
Simple and easy to partner with for financial needs!
excellant card whole process of signing up to using was very easy
"Date of experience: November 03, 2023"
Quick response time phone system works quickly
"Date of experience: November 03, 2023"
Very quick service
Easy application process very easy and fast decision.
"Everything getting off to a great start, customer service was very knowledgeable and helpful."
"Date of experience: October 27, 2023"
Very easy to work with and a quick response. Easy to follow the application process
"Date of experience: November 02, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 02, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 23, 2023"
I was quickly approved & it’s an easy card to use.
250 credit raise? A joke with a 730 score
Your company was very receptive to my request and responded immediately! I was very impressed with your company and if I know anyone who needs help I will refer them to you __
"Both times that I've had a loan with you, you made it easy, safe and computer friendly!"
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
I love the way they were helpful and prompt and not a lot of long tape
"Easy to apply and customer service was fast, responsive, and respectful."
"I received my card in record time after the painless quick application process on line. I recently used my card for gas during a road trip, I had activated the travel option and had no difficulties at all. Paying down my balance to make additional funds available if need was easy and had rapid availability (within 24hrs) using the Avant app."
Avant makes getting and using a credit easy.
Great card. Great company.
The interest rate is much higher than what it had when I initially submitted the application. I would have never taken a loan with over 30% interest rate and still have to pay the entire finance charge even if I pay off early. Your lending practice is deceptive and I’m going to report you to consumer financial protection and the attorney general in my state and the state of your home office as bd the BBB
"Customer are fabulous, knowledgeable in answering my questions."
Good customer service and everything when well fast
"Excellent service , easy to navigate website"
Fast feed back and approval . Great for a starter card.
"Avant Services gave me a $500 limit to start, and have increased my credit score already in just securing the card. I have had no problems accessing the online account or making payments, using 1/4 of the balance to pay on time and generate good FICO reporting. I would say APPLY FOR THIS CARD, WITH GOOD STEWARDSHIP & GREAT EXPECTATIONS!!!! (The other comments will have you misled!! Experience AVANT for yourself!!!)"
Quick and professional response to my inquiry.
I like how fast the money was put into my account
"easy application and step by step document verification via their upload system.
good rates and fast decision making."
"Overall great experience, struggled a little with applying online and getting a picture of my id to scan correctly."
"They were fast, made the credit application process easy, and I got approved quickly. The money was deposited into my bank account the next business day, saving me a whole lot of trouble, headaches, and stress. Thank you, Avant!"
"Getting a personal loan can be quite nerve-wracking, but I must say that the page I used for my loan application made the process a breeze. It was incredibly user-friendly, and the whole experience was smooth and efficient. I want to extend my thanks for the excellent service I received. You helped alleviate my worries, and I’m grateful for that. Keep up the great work!"
"The application process was easy, quick, and I was approved when others didn't approve me. Customer service is helpful and easily accessible also."
"Date of experience: October 27, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 30, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 26, 2023"
"It was easy to get thru the application, not a hassle, didn't try to sell me several different options"
I haven't had any problem it help me in my daily life to put gad for my everyday life when I need it I hope it continues to be helpful thank you
"Ok, so I used Credit Karma to check out loans and Avant came up with a good interest rate for my loan option. I went on line filled out some info sent it in and received a message back asking for two more pieces of information. Sent that in and in 20 minutes my loan was approved and in two business days the money in the bank. Pretty darn incredible. Will keep them in mind in the future for any loan needs.."
"Without talking to anyone it was easy what I was looking for ,handled greatly thank you for the loan !!"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Ease of transaction and great customer support
"Date of experience: October 26, 2023"
Easy to work with and Great customer service
"Easy to use, usually a decision within 3 business days and the deposit is usually next day after the approval. I’ve used them for the last few years and I love how simple it is"
Easy process and quick response on approval!
Very quick qualifying results. Credit limits are exactly what I was looking for as were their rates. Easy and painless process to obtain a loan for just what I needed with acceptable payment plans that won't hinder my finances. Approvals are in seconds and deposits took 1 day. Extremely satisfied
"Avant is accepted all over I feel the app gives me all
The knowledge I need to keep my card up to date"
They are very easy to work with. I would recommend them to everyone
I just started to use this CC. Customer Service is excellent!
Application was simple and quick response
MY EXPERIENCE IS GREAT BECAUSE I AM ABLE TO GET INTO MY ACCOUNT WITHOUT ANY TECHICAL SITE PROBLEMS AND ALL MY INFORMATION IS EASY TO FIND.
"I love the easy payment access wish was offered more very nice card to use I love Avant card..I would recommend to friends and family.
Thank you Avant..Thomas Moore."
"Date of experience: October 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 28, 2023"
Love avant. My credit has gone up a lot thanks to them
"Date of experience: October 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 27, 2023"
All is good. Nicely and fast. I like Avant Card. I recommend it!
"Payments are easily paid, customer service is great over the phone , and definitely a great credit card company"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Avant is a really nice credit card to have even when you need to ask questions they on it and I'm glad I have it in my wallet
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Quick and easy service. Definitely will use again in the future!
"Prompt response.
Options to choose from."
"When I applied for the Avant cash back rewards card, I was told that I would be able to get up to $300.00 on an unsecured credit card. When I got approved, I actually had a limit of $500.00! I wasn't sure that I even qualified because of my low credit score. Easy to deal with, allows you to set up automatic payments, and the interest rates aren't that bad for low credit scores!! I wish I had found this sooner!! I say ""Great Card""!!"
"Easy to work with, fast approval and fund delivery."
I loved it at first but then I tried to use my card for an online purchase n this evening it was declined at Walmart. That was sooooo embarrassing. If this is how it’s going to be I will cancel this card
The first time I tried to use the card it declined it. But it's working now
I love it __. This card prevents you from going over the card limit.
"Love love love Avant credit card. They have been so good to me. Took a chance on me and started with a decent credit limit. Now I'm up to $2,500 just by making on time payments. I'm a forever customer."
I feel the beginning balance is not worthy of most people rebuilding credit. The interest rate is much to high also.
THE SIMPLICITY OF THE WHOLE LOAN PROCESS. THANK YOU
"I’m happy with my credit card it is what I needed for to get my credit started. Again, thank you for helping me. I will always be on time with my payments. You do not have to worry about that and I hope to pay more than my regular statement. Thank you very much for trusting me, Pamela"
"Date of experience: October 15, 2023"
Great app! Love my card! Thank you Avant!__
"Did your part, to get what I needed the same day."
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"This was quick and easy, no hassle. Everyone I’ve talked to or interacted with have been knowledgeable, kind & friendly. I can truly say, Thank you Avant for helping me and ease my financial burden. I did paperwork one day and money was in my bank the next day."
"Date of experience: October 26, 2023"
Easy to use and quick response. Love it
"Super simple, super easy & super fast! After all my documents were approved, I had my money the next morning! Would recommend!"
"it was grateful and explainable for monthly payments
Thank You"
"Date of experience: October 26, 2023"
"As soon as I used my card for groceries approx 2 miles away from my house, my card was declined due to possible fraud. Can't approve the transaction online, I have to call and speak to a rep which is extremely inconvenient specially when you're standing in line with 200$ worth of groceries. Can't recall exact date because transaction never went through"
I have only used it once and it worked fine I think the 30% interest rate is kind of high so I won't be using it too often but it came in handy when I needed it so I appreciate it
Avant was a great experience and would definitely use them again for my borrowing needs.
This credit card can help you build your credit rating. Easy to use mobile app.
Avant- helped me in a time of need The response was very quick and very simple with a direct deposit to my bank.
"Process was fast, simple and smooth. Happy customer here."
The company keeps me informed of all transactions
"Date of experience: October 26, 2023"
The process was so easy and streamlined. I was really in a bind and Avant saved me. I will be forever grateful.
"Application was simple.
Agents were very helpful and professional.
Choices were available for my circumstances."
"Always made payments on time, increase in credit line was granted"
I just received my card used it on my vacation it was great and the terms is acceptable
"It was fast, hassle free, and in literally 15 minutes everything was done (loan review, acceptance, automatic payment schedules, signatures, etc...). The next day (less than 24 hours later), the loan money was deposited into my acct. Fastest loan ever, and with a fait APR to boot."
"I give a 5 Star. They were quick in verifying information, and once it was approved the money was deposited within 2-3 days."
Very easy to apply. Received card fast.
"Helping me build my credit...
Periodic credit increases..
Great customer service"
"Avant has been a great experience as this is my second time being approved. The website is very easy to navigate, documents required when applying are very simple documents and easy to upload. Employees that have reached out are very helpful and once approved, the date for deposit was on time."
"I've had multiple fraudulent charges on this card since activation and customer service claims they cannot remove the charges, only Fraud Dept can and Fraud Dept claims they can only close the card, not remove charges, Customer Service has to. I spent over 2 hours and 8 transfers the other day with no results. I blocked the card from the website myself after calling in 4x to do this. This company is a nightmare. I've sent complaints to the Florida Attorney General and Consumer Division for Deceptive and Predatory Financial practices."
The process to apply for a loan was very consumer friendly when applying on-line.
This was the smoothest fastest process I've ever done. Payment took 1 day.
Everything is good with this card. When I make an online payment using my checking debit card it posts and is available overnight which makes for easy sailing
I applied for a loan I highly recommend I was completely impressed with the approval and their professionalism their customer service is second to none amazing
I am a new member just starting with Avant so l haven't used the card yet hopefully very soon it will be useful for my credit
"Date of experience: October 18, 2023"
1st time working with the company and the rates are great.
I love this company and this credit card.. truly a lifesaver
Card takes forever to come in it’s been 10 days and still have yet to get it
"Date of experience: October 22, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 14, 2023"
The customer service team is excellent. The associate was easy to understand and very helpful.
"Avant has decided without warning or reason (no fraud, late payments, and plenty of money) to do my card from working.
Yes, that means I'm at checkout and my card is declined for no reason without warning. How embarrassing! This has happened more than once, twice, even three times. No explanation why, just we'll turn your card back on so you can use it.
Meanwhile they have no problem charging that high interest rate. What a sham of a company.
AVOID THIS CARD!!!
They have no concern for their costumes only their bottom line and their public image."
"Date of experience: October 17, 2023"
Super Easy and Fast. A great way to start building credit!
Great customer service and easy accessibility
"Date of experience: October 22, 2023"
I had this card for less than a year when they approved me for a $3K loan.
"Date of experience: October 22, 2023"
"Easy to apply fast approval and quick set up online account ,,, I recommend Avant to all my friends and family . thank you Avant ."
"It was fast and easy to get approved and receive funds. Haven't had a chance to review payments process because only a customer for a couple weeks now, but so far so good __"
The card application was easy. Learning how to navigate the app was trial and error but not difficult. For a lot of people that apply for this card a few more prompts on the app might be helpful.
They charge you the highest interest rate ever and they don’t give you any kind of a balance 300 bucks. I’ll probably pay it off again and cut it up like I did the first time.
"I have been trying to get approved for a loan to co solidate my debt and kept getting turned down due to negative items that have been on my credit report for years. I was giving up and came across Avant. I applied and within minutes I was approved and the funds were available in my account within two days. No hidden fees, no surprise, no scams. Yes the interest rate is a little on the high side but the purpose of the loan is to lower my credit card usage ratio so that my credit score can increase and then I will refinance the loan with a HELOC. Thank you Advant I will definitely refer you and use you again in the future."
"It was a easy process to apply for a credit card online and received and answer right away. You are a real credit card company not like others that starts you of with a small credit limit. I was surprised to have received $5K in limit. I also received by mail my credit cards when promised. I'll await my future experience with customer service when needed hoping is easy like the online service.
Thank you!"
I really was surprised by the ease of use and speed which I was approved for funding. It took about 2 days to show up in my account but probably because I applied on a Saturday night. Otherwise all things excellent! Definitely recommend using this company.
"Ease of use. Good rates.
Great customer service."
"I'm happy with the amount of approval I got.

The only reason not to give 5 stars is the fact that the interest rate is so high.interest rate is so high"
The loan process with Avant was fast and simple. I would recommend them to all my friends.
yes yeah um it was good thanks
I have had such a great experience with Avant on learning how to request loans. The process has always been smoothly
Quick in returning response to the questions
"Date of experience: October 11, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 17, 2023"
Great. Quick loan receipt.
Got my card in a timely manner had no problem using when needed
Very quick and easy process. Thankful they could help me with such ease.
You cannot change your due date! I am on SS and get paid on the 3rd of every month. My due date is on the 1st!!!!!! Very Inconvenient!!!!!!!
"My experience has been great with avant , very simple to make payments unlike other companies who want to charge to make a payment or delay payment processing. I have zero complaints and am very happy ."
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"It was easy! They used the info already on file. All I had to do was verify some info. My loan was funded the next day! Thanks Avant, you rock!!!"
"I’m happy with my loan ,efficiency and cordiality"
Escalated a request today for an error activating the card.... Was told it would be 15 business days. Terrible customer experience.
The website is confusing because it doesn’t explicitly show auto pay amounts. For example: you are not shown when or if your payments are coming out and the date. I have inadvertently removed myself from auto pay and have been subjected to late fees.
"Date of experience: October 16, 2023"
Fantastic service great people to work with. Fast and efficient.
"Avant has been great so far, I use this as my gas card and I love it!"
"Date of experience: October 19, 2023"
very easy and quick
I was able to get helped in my financial struggle and the payment is reasonable I can afford it.
I love how they explain everything clearly from starting with payments and when would your last one be. They gave me every detail that I needed to know and gave me options on my payment. I couldn’t be more happier
"I don’t like leaving reviews, sorry but it’s a good card to have."
So far it has been a good card for my business its fairly new but the credit line was 1 I needed to keep track of my business spesing
This great credit card. Never had no problem with it just right for me
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
It’s been a pleasure to be part of Avant thanks
the whole process was very easy and appreciated the credit a mount
U guys always Ben good to me keep up the good work
"Almost impossible to get to talk to a live person, all automated and NEVER was told if I was approved or not, just one day got my card in the mail. Poor communication on the company's part, as no one could answer my questions. Like this is the second email I have ever gotten from this company, the first one was to verify my account"
I got a personal loan fast and easy to consolidate my cc payments and wipe away numerous costly interest fees .
"Date of experience: October 13, 2023"
It was quick and easy to use. I received my answer almost immediately and the money was in my account that night.
"Simple process, once approved, had my loan proceeds in my personal Bank account in about a day! __"
Just Appreciate Avant 4 giving me a chance....jus got the card
"Easy to do business with, hassle free !"
Very pleasant customer service! Very helpful!
I had applied for loans in many places and always got denied. Avant sent me an offer I submitted my request and was approved. Thanks for the trust
"Date of experience: October 13, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 13, 2023"
applying was really easy. Card arrived fast
"Payments take way to long to post the card. It was well over a week after payment was made and deducted from my account that it was added back to the card, even though it said the payment had posted."
It was easy to apply and you get your
Easy and fast. Received money in just 48 hours
"Transaction was quick, simple and easy. Thanks!__"
I never had any problems with your services
"Date of experience: October 12, 2023"
I feel you’re a great card to have. Good rates. Easy to use and all around great company. Thank you for my Avant card.
Avant made this process very simple and easy! Everything was done online and the approval process was very quick. Thanks Avant!
This is a great opportunity to help my future
"Date of experience: October 12, 2023"
Square purchase declined. Customer service was not helpful.
The prompt service and customer service support.
This is by far one of the best financial assets you could ever have in your back pocket. They have NEVER let me down.
Very easy process to get a loan and friendly customer service. I received a great interest rate to consolidate my credit cards.
The loan process was very easy and prompt
Excellent card that is accepted everywhere
I love Avant!!!
"Its was easy an fast. Got approvedin minutes an money was in my accountthis next day within 24hrs. Gonna pay off this loan asap an apply for another. Helped so much Thanks!
10 out of 10!"
Some of us are doing our best to rebuild our credit. I can’t tell you how many financial institutions turn their noses up when you need help! Not Avant!! They are the BEST!!
"So easy to apply, and even easier to set up online access. Could not ask for a better experience."
"The entire process, from application, receiving card and use of card was very simple and without confusion."
"Date of experience: October 08, 2023"
"Fast an answer, fast turnaround, extremely easy to navigate."
The process was quick
"Date of experience: October 07, 2023"
Everything done online. No run around. Quick easy service. Thank you.
"Date of experience: October 01, 2023"
"I never applied for a personal loan before my credit was not perfect and I am so happy they trusted me I’m 58 years old and never thought I could get a personal loan Avant supported me I will always be on time to build my credit thank you guys so much and the presses was so easy no bull approach wow I was shocked how easy it was to get all I did was weight 3 days to fund I thought it was a scam it was so easy thank you guys you put a real smile on my face
Charlie B"
"You are so great with working with me and my payment, and let me know how you guys work and of that, I just wish that my credit limit was a little bit higher? Like around $500.00 like some of my other accounts,"
"I was totally amazed by how easy the whole process was! Approved with loan in hand in less than 72 hours. Saved the day! Everything was done online and I never had and predatory calls, issues from Avant. I look forward to trusting my money and financial situations with Avant!"
"I had an awesome experience with Avant, they provided me with a opportunity to consolidate Bills and it was fast to receive funds! Thank you Advant"
I like that you give people with not so great credit scores the opportunity to get a credit card. I only wish your annual fee wasn't so high.
I was unable to use my card at any of the Choice Hotels.
Very easy and received my money right away I would highly recommend.
"I was approved for $2000 through a Credit Karma offer with their score of about 660. There were different choices at different times, such as 0%, 1%, 2% and 3% back, since I visit that site frequently. When I saw the 3% populate this last time, I registered for their soft-pull on credit, then finalized it shortly after that approval.

The card arrived promptly and I believe I had some issue activating online, so I used the phone and prompts to do that. I registered my account online and monitor my purchases and payments there. I made multiple purchases nearly immediately at places such as stores and online shopping, even a membership to a social website, as well as my annual phone bill (yep, I pay 1 year in advance); a wide variety of purchases.

In 2 statements, I’ve made 14 purchases and made 5 payments. I am set up for reoccurring automatic payments, but I don’t wait that long. Once you make a payment, if it is over the minimum due for the month, your reoccurring payment is not deducted, because the system knows you have already made that minimum payment, if the minimum is what you are set up to pay. More simply, it does not double dip if you already paid. If you set it to pay your balance, I need not explain that.

The only negative I can think of is that they show your purchases and payments as “pending” for at least a day, so you have to do the math yourself to determine your real balance. I’m used to a credit union where transactions are immediate. Pending means you did it, so I don’t get that.

I have not experienced any problems at all with Avant, and I get 3% back. I’m not addressing others’ problems I’ve read about, because I haven’t had those. They email me about my account, when it is due and when I make a payment. I have replaced my debit card with this card, and I just pay it off as I would have done if I had used a debit card. That is why I make so many payments, and I wanted to make sure they take multiple payments, which they do.

Sometimes I come home from the store and make a payment for what I just bought. This basically cuts my sales tax nearly in half, as long as I pay it off every month. I make at least one payment a week. I’m used to not having a credit card, so that part is a habit to keep. I'll never raise my score if I carry balances on a card, and neither will you.

Don’t ruin your credit again by using this or any card as a luxury. Don’t buy things you couldn’t otherwise pay cash for. Don't tell yourself, ""It's only $19.95"", just don't. Don’t limit your payments to the minimum; pay the entire balance and get used to it. If you must pay a minimum (I get that), pay more no matter how much more. There’s nothing better than looking at your account online and seeing the balance is $0 with a payment due of nothing."
Straightforward easy application process. Quick turnaround time and would recommend.
"Amazing company! Very fast and reliable. Have used them 2 times and both fully online. I had to pull 1st loan to repair my car. A year later which is now, I applied for more money to consolidate all my debts. Applied on the 5th (thurs) of the month, online, received approval on 6th (Fri) of the month by email, also letting me know I would receive funds on the (Tues) 10th but noticed I received the money in my bank actually on Saturday, the 7th penning, then posted on the 10th. 9th Monday was a holiday. I remember my first loan was pretty fast too. So basically if I didn’t spot over the weekend I’d say from the time you apply it can be 1-4 days. I think my first loan funded by 2nd day and that’s because I had very little debts.

Anyway I was drowning in monthly minimums so this was the best experience because now I just have 1 bill and was able to choose if I wanted long term minimum or short term.

Highly recommend them if you need a loan! Excellent experience. I’ve never had to speak to a customer service rep. I selected autopay and now I’m all set. The 1st bill will be due exactly one month after your fund date, so mine is the 10th every month.

Hope this was helpful, I was shopping around before I applied for my second Loan but felt other companies take too long to approve you online.

If you want a quick turn around which is what I wanted, this company is great!"
It's easy to use and excepted everywhere I go
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
Excellent customer service online App very easy to use
Everything so far is good
Process was very easy and the overall turn time was fast.
Quick and easy process and funds available 24 hours before promised. All around great experience.
Didn't think I'd get a loan I thought what the heck ill try. And I was approved so happy paid off 2 higher interest loan and had a little left over. And my payment is less than I was paying on the one bill.
The ease of getting all the paper work completed and finalizing everything.
"Date of experience: October 03, 2023"
"So easy to work with. Thank you, Avant!"
"Getting approved for and obtaining the card was super easy. So far, everything is great!"
"Swift approval, Swift transaction."
"Date of experience: October 12, 2023"
The company is good and have great service and a very happy and respectful agents. They handled my loan very well. I recommend them to Family and Friends
"Date of experience: October 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 02, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
How easy they made the process to build a long term relationship with their program
Avant give me the chance incres my credit when others credit companies denied me...I very happy!!!
"Date of experience: October 05, 2023"
Money needed for your emergency
Excellent Service and very easy to apply. One of the better loan companies out there!
I had no problem with my card thank you I would recommend someone to give you a try
ease of transaction
"21st century technology at work! And a live human rep jumped in on one of my questions.

The Avant team is 1st class."
"Great financial company...love my new Avant card..kind, courteous, support staff...I believe they are truly top of the line...I would definitely recommend them."
Tech was easy to work with and was very quick
Very nice to work with friendly and was extremely pleasant experience
I try to get onto the website to pay my bill and all it says is that encountered a problem and that their people are working on it. It's been like that for almost a month now. I just got the card and this is my first payment so I don't know if there is something I'm doing wrong
Very good credit card company as I know and used it on my daytime thanks again __
"Date of experience: October 11, 2023"
I'm so happy that I was able to get a loan with Avant! This loan will save me alot of money on interest. I am paying off a high interest loan that I struggled with every month. Thanks so much for taking a chance on me!!!
Everything has been seamless when I decided to go with Avant. Have had no issues with the app or my card. Kudos!
"Date of experience: October 11, 2023"
"I like how they provided me an email that said i was potentially approved for a personal loan. When i submitted my information instead of my expectation of a false approval for the personal loan, I was approved for over the amount i requested. Very good credit card company to help establish and build credit"
"Process user friendly, fast funding. Easy application"
Unable to login to website or app despite correct credentials. I’ve contacted support numerous times without success.
"All I wanted was to change my due date, l even paid my account in full. I am on social security and get my check on the 3rd, you had my due date on the 1 st. I had enough money to pay it this time BUT what if I didn't? I take my responsibility seriously and have never missed a payment. I spoke with 3 different people and even ask for someone in billing. All 3 people were short and rude. You lost a good responsible customer"
Horrible! I got my new card and was not able to use it as it was locked. I will pay my balance and never use this bank again. The worst…
The quick answer to application and card arrival so fast. Great service !!
My card arrived promptly by mail. I've had no issues/hassles while using it. Highly recommend this credit card!
No one bothers give you a call. It would be nice if someone signs up for a credit card that they’re being acknowledge.
"Date of experience: October 02, 2023"
The Person i spoke to was very heplful.and polite
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
The application was very easy and the process was fast. I received my loan the next day__
"Date of experience: October 05, 2023"
Very fast all around. Several options made it easy to chose.
"Easy, fast, and quick funding!"
It's so convenient along with the app and I love the reminders in advance so I can stay on top of my bill
"This experience could not have gone smoother. It was easy and fast!! It’s a terrible feeling to need a loan, when you’re stressed about all of it- that’s what you need. A company who understands and makes the process as painless as can be. Thank you !!"
Thank you. Good luck.
Made a mistake by accepting this credit card. The 75.00 Annual fee is a little high on a 300.00 credit card only leaves 225.00 credit. Going to pay it ASAP
"Everything went very smoothly. Everything they promised they delivered.

Nice change of pace"
I love this company! Been using them for over 5 years now for my financial needs. They are quick and easy! Always there for me when needed at my hard times! Highly recommend! The rates are great and customer service is excellent!! Always my go to for any financial needs! I had plenty to choose from but Avant had the best offers!
"I needed help after my husband passed away, they were understanding, quick & courteous to help me get back on a level plane. All fees & term given up front w/o any problems. If need be, I would use them again."
"Date of experience: October 04, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 02, 2023"
"One I was approved, I really appreciated how fast the funds were in my account, available for me to use. My first payment is due in Nov., which gives me about a month before making that payment. I’m still new to using Avant but so far so good."
I am enjoying my card. Thank you
great company careabout everyday people like me
"The application was quick and easy. My approval was granted in a timely manner, and my loan was deposited in my bank account in a few days."
Avant- was easy to apply for and funds were delivered into my account sooner than expected.
Getting a loan with Avant was surprisingly easy and fast.
"I made a payment and 2 days later I went to use the card but the payment was still not reflected 2 days later. I had the money, it was just embarrassing."
"Very quick and easy to apply, the loan was deposited the very next day."
"Great experience working with them. Easy to apply, easy to be approved. There webste makes paying the bill quick and simple."
"Date of experience: October 08, 2023"
Working well so far. I am grateful.
Was treated like a human being and not a number
Giving me a chance to pay off my credit cards and make one monthly payment..
"Impressive, easy to apply and fast transition"
Card was easy to get nice credit limit card came in quickly just a nice overall experience
I dislike there’s not a app to pay my bill
"I recently opened an avant card. So far, I hate it in comparison to all of my other cards. After using the card I called to get my bill/payment information to see when my 1st bill would be due, and was told to call back during business hours. I could not obtain payment info or make a payment outside of their business hours. A few weeks later while paying bills, I realized I was now a few days late on my 1st payment.. I immediately made the payment and asked for a 1 time late payment waive explaining the reason. The representative put it the request and told me I would hear back later with a decision. Days later I received an e-mail letting me know the late fee waive was denied and to call a 1-800 number if I had further questions. I called the 1-800 # and the representative said he couldn’t help with any questions concerning this and directed me to email a separate contact. The run around and hassle to even ask a question has been ridiculous compared to any other card I own."
"Date of experience: October 07, 2023"
Paying my bill was easy and the representative was very polite and informative. I have had no issues with this credit card account so far and I am pleased with the service.
"Date of experience: September 19, 2023"
I can't sign in to pay my account. The site has issues with the sign in process.
"Compared to other online loan experiences, this was slower in the application and review process. Updating submissions took several days and talked to a different every time. However, the note/contract signing process was quicker and easier."
Application was easy an only took 5mins to apply. This is a great credit builder _____. An no extra fees __that you are not aware. APPLY!! an see your results.
"Date of experience: October 02, 2023"
"Easy to apply for personal loan. quick decision, and received the funds quickly."
Great card fast transaction and good rates
"I made a payment yesterday and not showing on my
Account"
Card to use and to make payments on phone with the debit card is awesome I love this card just wish I had a higher limit that's all
"Date of experience: October 06, 2023"
Easy and businesslike application and approval
"Easy application process and a decent starting amount. Found this card through CreditKarma. Simple app, also."
"Date of experience: September 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 05, 2023"
"That was really a great experience!
Excellent and fast way to pay off the debt with considerable interest rate!
Thank you guys."
Response time was very fast & I received my loan within 3 business as stated on my approval letter
"Date of experience: October 03, 2023"
Great job!!!!
i have a great experience.
Avant- sent me my card asp. As soon as I qualified for it! Thankyou Avant! Looking forward to doing business with you for a long time!
Everything I’m happy with them
"They were able to take of me right away And I my money right away. The loan help me out so much, was really glad that I rceived the money when I did"
Thank you for the opportunity to have this card…… it was easy and simple to apply. I strongly recommend this card .
This card came in right on time and so was amount of credit that I was awarded.
The process was easy and efficient. Customer service agent was helpful and polite!
"Date of experience: September 28, 2023"
When I thought it was done Avant came and rescued the day thank you
"Easy application, quickly approved."
I really appreciate and enjoyed the help I received
Using to build credit and I have gotten credit line increases. No complaints
"Well my experience, though not perfect, was not bad. I had noticed that the dashboard said I had a new payment due but there was no statement available to review the completed transactions. Also, it would helpful to see where any pending transactions were made. I use this account for my cash purchases that I payoff each month because of the 2% cash back. I love that. I am hoping to get my limit raised from the $500 it is now."
Everything is going good so far keep it up
The process was quick and easy and it helped out a lot when I needed it most
"Very serios , on time , good service"
"I was totally impressed with the easy way to apply on line, I’ve never done this before but I was just so satisfied with how easy and quick the process was.
One satisfied customer….A+"
How easy it was for me to apply and hear back with in minutes.
The timely matter in which I received my loan.
Great card to have very flexible. Good credit limit.
"Great to work with, fast!"
I applied for a consolidation loan and within minutes I was approved with a better rate than a company I already have a loan with. The process was very fast and simple
Thank you for the increase. It was quick and easy.
I love these card is easy to pay and costumer service is real friendly
Great card that is easy to use. Provides regular credit line increases.
EXCELLENT FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND REBUIDING OR JUST BUILDING NEW CREDIT
The App doesn't work for me I put in the correct password and username I even changed the password and it still tells me I'm wrong no MF you wrong LOL but besides that it's cool
Love it and would recommend this card to anyone
"Date of experience: September 27, 2023"
The Avant process was so efficient and fast.
"Avant has perfected the lending process! Streamlined application, quick approval, clear repayment schedule, and nearly instant cash deposit.

I just don't think you can do it any better than they do."
Thanks for giving me a chance at another loan. The money came in a timely manner.
"Receiving my new card made my experience great,I been using web bank for about 5 years in the past and I have not been having any problems with web bank it is just awesome"
Good experience
"Date of experience: October 02, 2023"
Overall good experience.
"Process was easy to do, the results were very quick to reply, the overall experience was quite easy and information was very easy to understand."
"Date of experience: September 21, 2023"
I’ve just been introduced to this company and I appreciate the good service they offer. Their website and app are user friendly and makes it easy to navigate.
"Date of experience: September 27, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 22, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 27, 2023"
I love the shampoo! My hair stopped falling out after the first use! Ordering was simple and it came in two days! I would highly recommend this shampoo!
"Date of experience: September 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 27, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 30, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 30, 2023"
"Avant is fast and trustworthy. That is important to me. This is the second time I have done business with Avant with no problem, I trust them."
"Date of experience: September 30, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 30, 2023"
The overall process applying online it was easy process. The only issue was that i called a few days later just to confirmed that my load went through ok that I didn’t needed any extra information and the receptionist that answered was really rude u guys can go back and listen to the recording it was awful if she doesn’t have costumer service patients she needs to be terminated and no bonus for her this year
Very quick and secure.
I love the easy payment options and that you post the money immediately unlike some other credit cards
"Customer Service was above and beyond, user friendly, efficient and fast. Doesn't get better than this."
The application process was easy and approval fast.
Ease of applying and have done business with Avant before and like their attentions to customer and a website that works well. Well done Avant
"Date of experience: September 30, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 11, 2023"
I received my card quickly. The process was hassle free
Fast loan decision and quick fund disbursement
This card is kinda blah and falls flat. Have to have fair to good credit and the max credit limit you can get is 3000. Credit limit increase requests every 30 days . 60 a year membership. cannot be used with square. gets denied all over the place and locked untill you call . Customer service is good and hold times are short.
"Date of experience: August 29, 2023"
I expect things to be tough in a loan application process but Avant makes it seamless!
Easy to use app for checking balances or making payments. Great customer service.
I just got your card am not sure what is to happen down the road but am positive that we are going to get along. Thank you for considering me for your credit card. Thank you __
"Date of experience: September 25, 2023"
Great service quick and easy process.
"Date of experience: August 18, 2023"
Avant contacted me and showed me a way to lower my interest rate while getting more cash at the same time. I refinanced and saved on my monthly payment. It worked out great for me!
"After a few years with this company, no past due payments, and finally paying it off, I was cancelled because I was no longer using the card. That caused my Credit Score to drop. The reason I didn't use it was because I live in a city where there is no mail service in the city. Everyone has a PO Box. The first card was sent to that PO Box but the 2nd card never arrived. Now they tell me Avant can't send a card to my PO Box.

UPDATE: There reply is an example of their ""service"". They have my phone number, so they should call. I ""called"" their phone number and was told they couldn't help me. Hence, the review. Now, they want me to call them again... so I can be told the same thing all over."
"Date of experience: September 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 18, 2023"
Easy to follow app. It is very user friendly.
"This is by far the quickest loan process. From applying to funding was done in 2 days. When applying have your ID, proof of income and bank statements ready. It goes quick and relatively easy. You'll be glad you did. Thanks Avant."
"Date of experience: September 28, 2023"
Quick and easy process with a generous credit line. Highly recommend this Avant.
"Date of experience: September 27, 2023"
Excellent customer service and very professional
Wonderful credit card!! Would definitely recommend
Very efficient and fast service. Thankyou
I liked it because the loan was arranged quickly and efficiently . I recommend it to everyone.
"Date of experience: September 27, 2023"
It was very nice experience I'm glad to be a customer
"Fast, easy, and thankful i was approved so i can get a head start with adulting. Thank you"
Easy to apply. Fast response
We got our loan when other places said no. The process was easy and the funds was deposited fast. It really help us out when we needed it.
Fast and easy. I can't believe how easy it was. Thank you.
"Date of experience: September 10, 2023"
"It does not take ten days to post pmts. Made a pmt on 9/22 , and still waiting to post on avaliable credit. Funny money was out of my bank within seconds of making paymeny but on your end still not there. This company is taking advantage of people!"
I was in times of need and they was the ily ones who help
"I’m so glad this company was able to help me out with a loan to consolidate all my credit card debt. I have a low score, but can pay on time and it’s really help me out a lot."
"Easy, valuable and most appreciative. Thanks!"
The dest yes yes very good
"Notification I was eligible to refinance an existing loan. Applied, a secure, expedient approval decision was made. Bank released funds within 24 hours. Avant continues to be a great company for any of your financial needs."
They have great rates and very customers service
It was a very easy transaction and simple process. It helped me to take care of my business in very quick way.
"Fast and easy to apply, competitive interest rates, and once you signed up the contract your funds are available fast."
"You respond quickly and accurately, and I am pleased with your card"
Great service and good for building credit
Great app and easy to use
Review application quickly… make a decision and set up best loan for me! Able to change payment dates if not coinciding with paydays! Very happy with Avant
Absolutely best company i have worked with. They made everything easy for me to be able to apply for a loan. They didn't make me feel anything less than wanted. I have already recommended ye to lots of people. Thank you very much for this loan. It has taken so much stress off of me and my quality of life is way better. I will be forever grateful. Thank you again so much.
"Easy card to carry, fair interest rate, protective against potential fraudulent charges. It's easy to pay the bill and request a credit line increase. Very happy with this card."
"Date of experience: September 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 18, 2023"
good morning thank you very much for this opportunity as I push the button all I could do is pray I will definitely take a vantage of this and rebuild my credit even better than I'm doing right now. I appreciate you very much for giving people like us the opportunity to come back from that so good places be blessed. Have a great day the process was very easy I did it through Credit Karma appreciate you very much
"Date of experience: September 20, 2023"
"Application was very easy to complete and Advants response was very quick.
Ibwill definitely use them again."
Friendly - great company!
Great service I love you guys the way the product is far as the money the credit great service my credit limit is $500. Great work.
"It was easy to apply and the responce was very quick. The interest rate was reasonable. So far, they have been great."
Great help for when it was needed. I got funds within a day or 2 after being approved.
I haven’t had much need for customer service because this institution is just that great!!
"It came just in time I was in the jam. I love you, thank you and I will pay you back soon.expected."
Wasn't sure if I was going to be able to finish the remodeling that I needed from a new house that I haven't moved into yet and I've been turned down because of a bankruptcy several years ago so I was thinking I was going to have to do a lot of work myself to finish up with the remodeling and all the grading and land and everything around it but fortunately your company advanced came through for me and gave me enough of the personal loan so I could finish paying the contractor to get the rest of the work done I think you're business is very good and I I'm fully satisfied thanks advance for advancing me and allowing me to finish what I had started several months ago
"Date of experience: September 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 19, 2023"
Fast and easy ... simple all the way through
It was very easy to fill out the forms and very easy to get a loan.
"How quick my loan was processed and also in such a professional manner.
Thank you !"
Great/Seamless experience from end to end! WOW!
"Date of experience: September 19, 2023"
Was there when I really needed it. Thank you so very much
"Easy, and helpful to pay an unexpected tax bill"
"It keeps denying charges I try to make, then sends me emails to see if I did it. That's very inconvenient and rude."
This card is great ! The love it
Avant has been such a great experience so far. Requesting a credit line increase was super easy. I appreciate Avant so much! I love this card and the company!
"Horrible business practice. I opened the account and never recieved the credit card. For 2 months it was reported on my credit report that i had a $3000 credit limit and i didnt have access to it. Customer service is horrible!!!! They dont have a clue as to what they are doing. Their like robots, they just read from a teleprompter. Don't do it. I finally called today and told them to close the account after calling every 2 weeks for 2 months and was told 4 times they were sending out a new card."
"Friendly, professional, and helpful."
Very fast with approval and easy application process!
card is easy to use and when calling customer service great
"This is an awesome card, they help with credit limits and understand people’s preferences and needs. Great to deal with. The app is wonderful as well. They are the best. Thank you for all of your help. A+++++++++++"
"I have been a customer for over a year. I have discovered that this Avant is only concerned with money and does not care one bit about there quality of service or customers. I receive one pay check a month and only asked that my pay date coincide with my pay day. Avant refused to move my pay date. During the almost two years I have been a customer I have NEVER failed to make a payment on time. I only wanted to move my pay date to ensure that funds would be in my account. Avant showed me no Courtesy, Loyalty or Respect. I will close my account and take my business somewhere else."
"Date of experience: September 13, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 16, 2023"
"great card , easy to understand terms"
I got approved within minutes of applying. We have been struggling financially and now we can catch up with our bills and make sure everything is up to date.
"Date of experience: September 22, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 22, 2023"
The dashboard was very easy to use!
"You are doing wonderful. I made a mistake with my card and you were so kind about it. Thank you, Ronald Boyle"
service delivery and easy of disbursement and fund was received less than 24hrs
My experience was great. They approved my card and sent it to my home after 5 days. All processes were fast and easy.
They caught a non-item I did not purchase. Took care of it right away.
"Date of experience: September 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 11, 2023"
"It’s very frustrating and embarrassing when I go to use the card and it’s declined. And yet I go to another store and it’s fine. I have other cards from other banks and no problem. I have called twice to report this and the customer service was not helpful telling me it’s the merchants fault.I’m not happy with Avant and once I make a payment in full, I’ll probably close it"
"Reliable, judicious, timely, and efficient."
"Date of experience: September 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 21, 2023"
"I called customer service two times, and the reps. were very kind and knowledgeable."
"The entire process was extremely easy, and fast. The funds were in my account the next business day! I never had to speak with anyone as my loan application, verification, and approval was ALL done online.

I appreciate this!"
"This is a brand new account. My first payment is due September 25th, 2023. I downloaded the app, set up autopay and scheduled my first payment to post today. After I scheduled the payment a notification came up that said I still need to make my payment due on September 25th. The $300 dollar payment I scheduled today was for my September 25th due date. So I called customer service. AVANT CUSTOMER SERVICE IS A JOKE. I spoke to Auje. It was impossible to make any headway. She just read her printed script no matter what question I ask. She could not provide an answer because she had no clue what she was doing. This is such a reflection on the integrity of a company who has so little regard for the customer that they put little to no effort into ensuring that their employees have the skill set and are equipped with the appropriate knowledge of the product or service they represent to allow them to do their job with even minimal competence. This in no way can be the responsibility of the employee who gets the brunt of our frustration and dissatisfaction, but proof of blatantly self serving leadership. I am the customer. I deserve to be assured of the company's competence, to have trust in and respect for the company I do business with. Mega fail on the part of Avant"
The website didn t let me have a po box asking with my physical address. The post office returned my card. So i called to add that p o box and they told me i couldnt so i ask if they could add # only of my po box to the end of street name. They couldn't. I am to add the+4 zip couldnt do that either. They ask for another street address so i reiterated the post office won't deliver no matter what street you put. So i told them to cancel... she couldn't do that either
"Agents were very professional and customer friendly.
Bravo Zulu for the entire team!!!!"
I don’t have world to express about guys. When I needed you guys was ready to help me. It was blessed
Your interest rate is too high and you charged me $380 to do the loan.
The application experience was so fast and easy with immediate results. The funds were posted next day. It could not have been an easier.
I think this is a very competent and through company. When I applied for this card they made sure to go to every aspect of finding it was me and all of my information instead of it being somebody else who was applying.
"The application was easy to do, the process was easy to complete and the approval happened the same day."
I am new with the credit card but everything is going well.
Person helping me was very kind and knew what she was doing. Would like this card was compatible with Apple Pay.
"Im surprised by the good reviews on this card. I haven’t gotten it to work anywhere, it’s always declined and have yet to be able to use it so it’s a pointless card to get. Save your time."
So glad I found Avant. What a pleasure to deal with. They make the lending process as easy as it can be. They have a system that is streamlined and they treat you with respect. I would not hesitate to do business with them again and highly recommend Avant for your lending needs.
"Avant communications are straight forward, simple and easy to understand and evaluate. Thought their interfaces helpful."
Easy to apply and get an answer fast with no problem.
"Avant is Fantastic : Their screening process is very Professional and gives you peace of mind that they are interested in protecting your Financial Privacy. Once the screening process was done for my card within 10 days. Take advantage of their Card , you'll enjoy the Benefits and Customer Service"
"My experience with Avant was made great because they make the experience with them expedient, courteous and very professional!"
"Date of experience: September 12, 2023"
"Wonderful to work with you
The process was quick and easy
Thank you"
"Easy, quick and second time to use Avant."
Well I'll start off by saying that I appreciate the lones you guys have given me in the past and now! Thank you for all you do.
I tried with a big name company first and was denied a personal loan. So I went thru my Credit Karma account and AVANT was one of the top matches for me. I applied and was granted the loan right away. Money in my account in 2 days. What a relief. Good Rates & fair terms.
There in time of need!! Easy and customer friendly app
Loan process was easy but the rates are very high. Higher than their competitors by a lot.
"Date of experience: September 15, 2023"
Avant- gives you a chance at at building my credit score thank you big time Avant. I recommend this card!
Fast and efficient. You have the right qualification and the help is there...
"Date of experience: September 18, 2023"
User friendly application. Able to complete with ease.
I am in love with my card! The access and availability to purchase with no hassle is awesome!__The app is extremely easy to maneuver through to pay my bill! I love it!!!
"Date of experience: September 18, 2023"
Love it quick aplicación and quick response
I don't know just started using this credit card .
"The process was so simple, everything was done on line in three day max. Funds deposited straight into my checking account."
"Straight to the point. No run around.
Great place for a loan to fit your needs.

Thanks Avant"
"Date of experience: September 18, 2023"
"My experience was great because I was doubtful about my approval possibilities. Avant was there when I needed a credit relief solution. It was an easy on-line flow that gave a quick response. Funds were available in a timely manner.
Thanks Avant."
I needed a loan was short about $2000 for a very big dentist job I went online and this company was just amazing got my money the very next day. Recommending
Fast and easy service. Money was deposited on the next day.
Easy fast and simple!
"Date of experience: September 18, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 13, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 17, 2023"
On time delivery.
The funding of the loan was quick and seamless and I love the process and signed up for auto pay which will make paying the loan back an easy process. I will be definitely recommending your company to other people. Thanks Avant!
Do away with foreign transaction fees. I am in the Philippines and I cannot use my card extra charges. And I cannot call because I am in the Philippines thank you.
"Date of experience: September 16, 2023"
Quick approval process; timely receipt of card; fair rates and great customer service when I had questions. I will recommend Avant.
"Fair reporting, quick decision and fair increases , really appreciate the service"
Very happy with this card.
Approved me when no one else would.
Fast application and approval. Great experience.
"Date of experience: September 15, 2023"
Simplifies their services. Profee
"I was in need of a little extra finances for an unexpected situation, and was received by avant quickly and without any difficulty in the application process. my money was in my bank the very next business day."
"AVANT has done a great job of delivering what they promise, quickly and efficiently, without any glitches."
QUICK and EASY!!! I had a number in my had that I really needed to get caught up on bills and i began to search online for loans and I saw Avant and said let me try them. It’s almost slim to none when u can get exactly what you ask for. Thank God it’s was quick and easy during the whole process. I give it 20 Stars __
Quick and easy application process with fast reply __. An good service by customer service center workers.
Very fast and convenient will definitely recommend to family and friends
Super easy to get my personal loan! Will be using them again for sure!
"Date of experience: September 14, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 13, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 08, 2023"
"Fast and easy, approved less than 24hrs"
"I just want say thank you because your help was very fast, I was able to pay my debts."
They made it fast and easy to apply and get approved for a loan. The rates were great. The funds were deposited in my account the next day. I recommend using this company for personal loans.
"Card locks and won't let you use, gonna pay what I owe and cacel"
Thanks for the fast response and delivery of the card!
They are predatory lenders and are cruel to seniors. Imade my payments without fail for the entire time and they still find a way to say your late and charge fees. They should be ashamed. I closed my account because morally I could no longer do business with them. Customers beware
The application process was plain and clear. The card arrived within the requisite 7 to 14 days. Communications with this company seem to be great. Online communication is very helpful. I would recommend.
"Very easy application process, fast approval, quick deposit of funds...it doesn't get better than that"
"The employee was very rude over the phone, all he was concern with was getting my bank information instead of helping me use my debit card. what a totally disgrace, I wish I would have done more research one the company before agreeing to get a card."
The ease andxstress free application and great to work with my life needs
"Date of experience: September 08, 2023"
Only place I trust in getting a personal loan. Excellent customer service and rates! Thanks Avant!
My experience was simple. I filled out the required information and advised the amount I was comfortable with borrowing/paying back. In a matter of minutes I was approved and a day later my funds were available. Quick and Easy!
Customer service answer all my questions about my card .
I find your site very useful and easy to use. Avant has reached out to me in a very timely manner to my email with notifications and all payments received. Plan on using your card over using my debit for the rewards and make additional payments before my statement comes out. Thank you!
You all made sure you had all the correct information before going forward with my process.
Great customer service. Loan approval was super fast and easy!
Great card always there when I needed them
"Date of experience: September 02, 2023"
"The application process was very easy and all was as promised. There were no surprises or gotchas, or any feeling of shadiness. Approval wqs quick, and once approved, funds were quick to follow. The whole process took abouy 48 hrs only because we started late in the day with the process. I would highly recommend them to anyone. Thank you!!!"
"I've never been more embarrassed in my life. I was short to pay for a procedure I was having done, so instead of canceling, I planned on using my new avant credit card. Imagine how embarrassing it was when my card was declined, and I didn't cube prepared with another way to pay. After an hour of phone calls and trying to get a cash advance which will send up costing me more, I finally ended up having my husband call me with one of his credit card numbers to pay.

It was finally determined that I couldn't use my card because the person I was paying uses the square app for her business.

That revelation played with the fact that I can't add your card to my Google wallet mean that this card will probably never be used. As soon as I can find another card to replace it, and before I pay any more fees, that's what I'll be canceling this one."
Customer service is great. Friendly and easy to talk to.
"Date of experience: September 06, 2023"
Hello I loved how great it was applying for loan and how quickly I received my acceptance along with repayment information and thank credit karma for always looking out for Mr. Thank you very much.
"Date of experience: September 11, 2023"
Worked good so far would recommend to others
"When I applied, I just received the response right it away. Thanks and God bless you"
Trustpilot is a great company.I got my card just when I needed it and have not had any problems with it. Thank you so much for helping me out I appreciate you so much.
What made my experience great was the fast service! They understood my needs how much I needed and they delivered! The process is simple and fast! I Received the in my account in 1 day! I would highly recommend using Avant! I would use them again without question! Thank you
Received my card in a timely manner.
Awesome! Fast payments and reliable.
Thank you! Is my second loand and everything perfect.
I am a previous customer. I thought my previous experience was great. This time is even better. Process was easy and time frame to approval was wonderful. I will certainly be sending customers your way!
Avant is a great source when in a pickle. Never run you through the wringer like regular banks and other financial co. You don’t always have to give up your first born to get a few dollars __ lol I highly recommend AAA+++
Very great credit card nada to complane about
The company have technical issues sometimes but besides their great.
Very easy application through Credit Karma and received card very quickly.
I like that they increased my credit limit but I dislike that it took a year just for 500$
There are No issues with the use of your credit card.
The Avant card was easy to apply for and quick to arrive to me. I've not had my card long but it has come in handy.
"Date of experience: September 05, 2023"
"Very kind professional solve all issues care about the customer
Have compassion for mankind
Very Respectful Listen to the customer"
"Date of experience: September 10, 2023"
This company took a chance on me when no one else would. I am grateful for the opportunity and look forward to increases from on time payments in addition to increased credit scores.
Loan was approved fast and in my bank account in 2 days. Application process is fairly easy.
"Date of experience: September 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 07, 2023"
Easy to apply and received my card quickly
The process was fast and extremely easy to use. The service is spot on!!
"Date of experience: September 09, 2023"
"It’s great new beginnings a a wait …,"
Great card for getting my credit score up
They did not take the fee out which made me think that I had a higher available credit. They later charged the annual fee and caused me to be over the credit limit.
It is more efficient if AVANT allow the customers to the balance on their credit card any time before the dead-line.
"Date of experience: August 29, 2023"
"My experience with the company has been great. The money gets direct deposited right away, and the repayment of the loan is very easy they are no hidden fees. They tell you the information right in front of what you’re going to be paying and when they gonna take the payment, I would definitely recommend this company to everyone I know."
Avant credit card has been easy to use and the app is great too.
It was easy to get started with it.
"Don’t bother. I tried to use my card to pay my licensed, bonded, and insured contractor who uses square to process invoices. Card declined. Called customer service and they told me square transactions are not supported. Plenty of retailers and businesses use square to process payments. I googled and found that lots of others have had issues with where they can use the card. Many reported its very limited. It’s relatively easy to get someone on the phone after your card declines, so i guess thats a good thing but the support speech sounds very scripted and leads me to believe they receive these types of calls often. I wouldnt bother with this card. I wish i knew better before i accepted the offer. Probably going to close this account."
I have been using Avant Loan
"Everything was great, it was a very pleasant experience."
There was no trouble getting the loan and it cane in as quickly as possible I appreciate the help and support in getting the loan in itself .
"Avant was quick with a decision and had the money in my account shortly thereafter. It is easy to make my payments with auto draft and easy if I need to change a date or make extra payments. My process and experience has been simple and I appreciate that.
I highly recommend AVANT to anyone who needs their service."
Such a great company
I’m happy to have this opportunity to increase my credit worthiness!
Very easy to upload documents and get a quick response.
"Very easy friendly and very business like, and once approved very quick deposit"
That Avant gave me credit card for difficult times. It has been great so far. Thanks guys
Avant always comes through in the clutch during the most challenging times in our lives! No questions asked and they’ve never let me down. I’ll forever be a customer. Thank you
Very helpful and professional costumer service Thanks for your help __
My credit was very average and avant approved me for 600 and within a couple months it increased to 2000 and i been on time with my payments and wow with this credit it helped me get closer my goal on my credit score i love avant only bad thing is what i cannot do with my cashback but nothings perfect still a 5 star.
Eazy & fast applied..... quick results..... just like open the door....._
Easy to use website. No issues yet.
Very helpful and concern about my account
"Date of experience: August 23, 2023"
"Fast Approval, East App. My credit isn't the best and i was approved!"
I used my card for auto parts thru Amazon payment declined so i tried to buy tobacco pament declined. What good is a card thatbdoesnt allow me to make purchases.
Language barrier. Asks the same thing repeatedly for a week and denies the offer. They should not promote offers based on my earnings on credit karma if want to bring down your credit score and just deny the offer. They should also hire fluent English-speaking representatives. Not the ones who can't understand.
"Very fast loan approval , money in account next day …"
"simple,direct&clear.
I already have Avant credit card but i get your offer in the mail every week."
"You’ve been there when I need you…
Twice!!"
Avant has been a great choice for improving my credit. I have maintained the account well and they have increased my credit limit. Win-win.
So far I hate it. They hide your transactions from you. I went to pay my bill but the amount seemed off so I wanted to cross check the site to my receipts. Says I have no transactions but I sure have a balance. Makes no sense why any company would hide that from you unless they have something shady to hide.
It was easy to apply and received my card fast just easy
It is easy to understand and to make your payments online
"Date of experience: September 06, 2023"
This is a great card to have when you needed mostly for emergency funds until next paycheck thanks
This credit card company has been great to me! Just pay your bills on time and they definitely take care of their customers.
Thank you. It's been a great experience.
Save yourself time and aggravation. My wallet was stolen and it has taken 3 mos with multiple tries to change my address and order a new card. These customer service people ask the same personal information over and over and over and over (just like this) to the point its sickening. Not only do they transfer you to another person it seems no one there is able to think or do any basic brain functions. Lord help you if you ever have to deal with them. Oh and btw they were supposed to charge me $39 a year and now its $59. So not worth it for a $300 credit line with no opportunity to increase your limit. Ughh I should have known better to trust anything from Kredit Kharma....SCAMMMM STAY AWAY!!!!
"I am very passionate about Manufacturing and Production, your company stood out to me! You all are working so hard to create products,etc. for all of your customers and to be so passionate about what you do and take pride in what you do! It’s extremely inspiring to me! I can’t wait to hear back. __ I also have 2 years of Production and Manufacturing experience and that’s truly where I belong to work, especially for your company!"
I have had this card for a few years now and started with a $500 limit I'm now at $2500!! They have given me an increase every 6 months each time I have asked and it's always $500 increase!! Have other cards that only give $100-200 increase and only 1 time each year!! By far this card is used for all my monthly subscriptions!!! Never have had any issues either!!!
The application process was easy and fast. The dite was easy to use to set up account and pay bill. Would recommend this company to friends and family.
Process was simple and straight forward. Customers Service was very friendly.
"Date of experience: September 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 05, 2023"
Working with them was super easy and helpful. It was a quick and painless process to go through.
"It's a great card, no annual fee. I look forward to building my credit."
Very quick and easy. Will use again
received an unexpected offer and conformation. it was a big help to helping me restore my credit profile.
I am pleased at the way the card has been genuinely great to have and easy to use. The app makes it easy to navigate payments and usage.
Loan process was super fast and easy and I had the money in 2 days.
"Date of experience: September 04, 2023"
I would recommend Avant I have the credit card. Avant App is easy would recommend.
"The card came in as explained, was easy to activate, easy to use. Only had one issue with an online payment, solved it by using a different card, although an email was sent that said it could be cleared by calling in."
"Date of experience: August 27, 2023"
"Extremely VERY BAD credit cards. Do not sign with AVANT CREDIT CARD; I REPEAT DO NOT SIGN WITH AVANT CREDIT CARDS. They reduced my credit limit from $ 1,000 to $500 without notice, charged me a $59 annual fee, and crushed my credit to nothing"
"The process is very easy and response time for decision on a loan request is quick. The few times that I've had to speak with a representative; they been friendly, helpful and professional"
Card is a nice tool to have great for on the go
"Easy, good convenient for starting credit"
"I sincerely find it difficult to pay my bills online, I tried to set up my payment online but I was not able to do that for like 2weeks plus. You can only pay using the customer service on the phone. Not good enough for me."
Was easy getting a loan. Will use them again
"What a AMAZING experience!
You made getting this loan though credit karma so easy!!!
We really appreciate your financial assistance. And would recommend you to any of my friends or family!"
"The online application is easy, took no time at all.
The phone call verification process was quick. My loan was to me in less than 36 hours from start of application."
They were the only lender willing to take a chance on me. Now I’m on my way to getting rid of my credit card debt.
"Date of experience: August 14, 2023"
I love this! I needed a loan and you guys came through for me! Thank you so much!!
I do not dislike anything about Avant. It’s still new to me. However I’m a satisfied customer so far.
I appreciate you giving me the opportunity to build my credit by using your credit card
The company in my case was giving to help someone build their credit positively. The amount given is an amount for one to start off with and hopefully as time goes on the amount will increase keeping in mind that each case as well as individuals is .different
"It was quick, I had no problems at all and you don’t have to have the perfect credit score. I would recommend anybody. I don’t think you’ll have any regrets. Thank you Avant for giving me a chance."
"Terrible organization. No customer service, all read from a script. Disgrace. Closed my account.
Sincerely, KS"
"Date of experience: September 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 29, 2023"
Applying and getting approved was so easy and received my card quickly
I was extremely happy they gave a small increase on my card. It helps my credit.
My experience was great due to the quick response about my loan.
Ease of applying. The applicant process was easy and the approval was very quick.
Fast and easy checkout just rap and ho
Very fast and easy process. Thank you for taking a chance on me. My credit isn't the best but you gave me a chance. I was able to pay off some bills and catch up on a few others. Thanks again. You guys are truly a blessing!
"I had a $2000 credit limit. Charged items totaling $1400 and ALWAYS paid on time, never late, and the interest was close to 30%. Returned a couple of expensive items a couple of months after purchase totaling $1100. Overnight my credit limit dropped to $300!! They DID NOT send me an email or anything telling me this. I went to use the card and it was denied by the retailer. Looked at the app to see the limit dropped to $300. Called and they gave no excuse, said I'd receive a letter. When the letter FINALLY arrived it said the reason for the decrease was ""Credit Card Activity"". Apparently, you can't get any refunds without them getting back at you. Since then I quit using the card and paid them off. I will never use that card again! They're not getting $1 interest from me ever again! Avant = Horrible Credit Card! Don't get one."
"I wanted a company to give me a chance to build up my credit and looks like this is the one , thanks."
"Date of experience: August 29, 2023"
"Applying for the loan was very easy and the funding of the transfer of the money into my bank account was within a couple of days. I couldn't be happier with the entire process, thank you so much for making this so easy for me!"
This was a great experience Thank you Avant making my life easier to consolidate my bills into one easy payment.
"Easy and no hassle at all,great experience"
"Date of experience: August 22, 2023"
So far... __ amazing. Easy to apply. Got approved right away..
Applied for a loan a week ago. Uploaded requested documents. Several emails from AVANT to call to provide further information. When I would call I was told I needed to provide documentation I already uploaded. Was put on hold or disconnected several times. I just don't have time to spend hours a day on the phone to chase people around that cant do their job. Finally on Sunday I spoke with someone that said everything was submitted and would go to underwriting and then this morning I received an email that my loan had expired and that I could re-apply.....at a rate 10 points higher than my original loan! NO WAY!
There was no waiting for a response and my loan was approved for the amount I wanted.I have nothing but all positive things to say how I was treated. I would highly recommend Avant to anyone. Thank you.
"Was happy to use my Avant card at the grocery store with no problems whatsoever! Lately, I seems that most of my credit cards always have an issue that requires me to call the company that issued them to me. So embarrassing! Thank goodness, no problems like that with my Avant card!"
Did not have to explain 20 times wht I wanted
"Wide range of places use, and exceptional professional service."
"fast service,trust,what else to be expected....."
"Thank you for meet my needs promptly,
Avant Team you guys are Awesome! __"
"Date of experience: August 28, 2023"
Just got the card and so far very easy with transactions and website was very easy to install
"The card was easy to use, and fast"
Great experience so far. Helping build my credit up. Thank you!
Easy to deal with when applying. Excepted everywhere.
Quick easy and convenient had to jump through a couple hoops but has to be expected with any loan but thank you for a nice service
"Date of experience: August 27, 2023"
"Thank you for your immediate assistance in my desperate time of need. With the interest rate increase, cost of gas increase, and constant increase of consumer goods, I was finding it hard to keep up with my many financial obligations; in spite of the fact that I am working every day. So, the fact that you would grant me a loan is surprising and gratefully appreciated. Thanks for you speedy assistance."
"My credit score dropped, due to my daughter, and my grand daughter needing some help ,but my payment history is exceptional.
Avant approved me with a $2000 limit.
When others said no.
This should help my credit ratio.
Good luck to everyone who is trying to get approved with Avant"
"So far , it’s been a good experience"
There web site was very easy to use. They explained everything you needed to provide them to complete the process. The funds were in my account in two days.
"Reliable, fast, professional service"
I have my card for a week. Love the color and design of the card. Great follow up with email activation instructions. Seemless time frame of qualifying for the card and receiving in the mail. Hoping to improve my card from its usage.
Thankful for given me a chance to make my credit 100%
No yearly fee. Quick and easy to use app
"Was very easy to help start my credit build up, things happen in life sometimes we can’t control . I appreciate avant- credit giving me a chance."
what made the experience great is it was easy everything is online. You can do it on your smart phone. I expected a little bit more as far as a credit line.
I enjoyed my experience with Avant because the application was straight forward and their response time was very quick.
"the website was easy to navigate. I am very new to this card, but I hope to have a long and financially healthy relationship. It has started on the right foot."
Was able to get card unlocked and turned off card due to possible fraud.
"Date of experience: August 08, 2023"
Very quick and easy application. Decision made very quickly and deposit made with ease.
"Date of experience: August 18, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 18, 2023"
"Called regarding making payments.
Great representative. A true professional."
Super easy with decent rate and very quick
The approval process was quick and easy.
Love it it was easy to be work with u guys
"Date of experience: August 17, 2023"
timing everything in my business so the faster thing are do the better this was quick short and easy
"They said i was pre approved for $1500 but got $300 which I’m ok with it. But they keep sending me, mail saying last response when i already got a card thanks"
"My experience was amazing with this company. They were so awesome to work with and very informative. I will definitely recommend this company to all my friends and family!
Kathy Hausauer"
"Great company!
Easy to use and great support, both online and over the phone.
Definitely recommend"
"Quick and easy, customer service on the other hand seemed confused anytime I called to give requested information. HUGE language barrier. The process overall took about 2-3 days. I was approved for 10k"
The experience was a complete change from other credit entities I’ve dealt with. Precise and to the point. But not undoable. Pleased to say the least.
The application process and response time was fast and easy.
Awesome __ good work
Everything was simple and on point
Very simple line increase and happened very quickly !!
"Date of experience: August 14, 2023"
I received a fraud alert of suspicious activity on my credit card. I immediately contacted Avant customer service to advise to please do not let the charges from Tru Hotel to process. The charge processed to processed without my authorization
"Date of experience: August 18, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 14, 2023"
"No annual dues mostly, good money limit"
"So far, so good"
"I was impressed by the security measures taken by Avant during the Application process. One I completed the simple security steps It was quick. I'm looking forward to being an Avant customer and realize that with their security measure , I'll have peace of mind in the event of any challenges."
"Date of experience: August 11, 2023"
Great product
"I have no complaints, I appreciate the opportunity to be your card holder. Just one thing to ask. Could you send a paper statement, until I'm ready to transfer my payments online."
"Quick and easy application, super fast funding!"
"Date of experience: August 16, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 21, 2023"
"It was a very easy and fast procees. I got the funds in my account within 32 hours. No, there are no annoying advertisement emails and phone calls after the fact."
"I tried to buy some Poker chips from Pokerstars and Avant declined the purchase. The poker chips are ""play money chips"", they are not ""real money chips"". The chips are a means of playing the game of Poker. I tried several times and Avant declined every time."
"I wrote a review on August 5th about my experience with Avant. They replied saying how sorry they were and asked me to call them because they wanted a chance to make things right. I called them and the rep that answered the line had no knowledge of any reply they had sent to me and went further on to say to just disregard the response, because they don't really intend for people to act on the responses when they reply to reviews left by customers, they just reply so it looks good for the company. I asked for a supervisor and of course, none was available. Again, I say this company is a SCAM. They have a lot of hidden and made up fees and never acknowledge their mistakes. They are lairs and I would not encourage anyone to do business with them. I have also contacted the BBB and the news, so hopefully their unlawful practices will be brought to the light soon and the company will be shut down."
"Date of experience: August 21, 2023"
Great service great customer service lovely card
"I wanted to share my positive experience with Avant and how it has made a significant impact on my financial journey.

Avant's services have allowed me to successfully pay off my debt, consolidate various payments, and even boost my credit score.

It's been truly impressive to witness the positive changes that their platform has brought into my financial life.

Avant has provided me with the necessary tools and support to regain control over my finances."
"They are always polite, they know there job an do it well an fast..Never have had any trouble with calling..Al though I wish I could of gotten more then a 500 dollar increase..lol..All an all I am very happy with your employees"
"Date of experience: August 07, 2023"
"I have had a fraud issue for more then 3,weeks and nothing has been resolved"
High interest but better payments than what I was making. If you have low or low/decent credit it helps.
"Date of experience: August 19, 2023"
great people that helped me when i needed it. thanks
Fast and easy credit application. Thanks
"Date of experience: July 28, 2023"
Efficient & streamline the application process to get loan approval.
"Your credit line has a restriction.....you only have a specific amount for purchases and cash advance .....my extended credit that I was granted should not be controlled ,since I am responsible for it."
great customer service and always there when I need them great company.
"Date of experience: August 19, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 17, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 27, 2023"
So happy with the service and I love the monthly statement
so far i have no problem with them new to them have not talked to anyone from there. i went on line to see when my statement was due is all i have done so far.
they refund payment and then they give you late fee. and then when you give them money to get your credit card current and keep the money and dont posted the payment paid and give you another late fee.
"Great customer support and so easy and quick. I almost couldn’t believe how fast
Thank you"
"Date of experience: August 17, 2023"
"The process was very easy. I applied, sent in the information requested and the money was in my bank account two days later. My credit isn’t the best right now but this loan is going to help me fix that."
"I don't like that it doesn't show all transactions, it said no recent transactions and that's it, I'd like to know where and how much I've spent in the past not just recent"
I believe the company is fair and helpful to people in needs. Service as well especially fast response. Over all you did amazing jobs. Thank you
"Date of experience: August 10, 2023"
"This company helped me twice,,once for the initial loan and when I refinanced they were even better... My credit wasn't good before them,,now it's so much better and I can relax more each month.."
Quick and easy
This was a super easy experience. Everything went smoothly and I was able to get the money I needed with low payments.
"Easy and fast, good interest rates ____"
I had just open a account and was waiting for my card and have not received it yet and I get a email saying I purchase something how can I purchase anything if I had just opened my account so I was not happy first thing off but I had to get it fixed and I did but it should of not been so like I said I am not happy
You guys have excellent service and are very professional!
"They took a chance on me. I am in the process of rebuilding my credit and they were one of the only companies that offered me a card. In addition I didn't have to pay a huge application fee, yearly fee, ect up front. I literally get a Avant Mastercard with a $500 limit and nothing to pay up front."
"Date of experience: August 17, 2023"
The only issue I had was uploading my bank statement and once done they still needed to discuss income when they had it all in the statements.
Avent was easy to use I felt comfortable the whole process
"Thanks to Credit Karma's recommendation, I decided to apply for an Avant card. The approval odds were exceptional, and I was thrilled to receive my card with a $2000 credit limit within seven business days after being approved in mere minutes."
"Date of experience: August 17, 2023"
"Quick and Easy, they had my money in my account the next day, gave me a print out of my contract and done!"
Got what I needed with it thanks
"Nobody gets a 5 star, but so far so good"
"Date of experience: August 09, 2023"
"Advertised ""no hard inquiry"" pre-approval was not.

Follow-up review based on creditor's reply: The stated order of events clearly did not transpire as the creditor portrays. The fine line between soft and hard credit report inquiries was not obvious nor clear. Had I been offered this option I would have been aware of it.

Curiously enough, I was directed to Avant through Credit Karma and the follow-up emails from CK indicated they were unaware that my 'pre-approval' application was ever completed. There was a disconnect as to whether I had ever initiated an application let alone completed one.

I stand by my original review and believe Avant is aware of the cloudiness of their 'pre-approval' process. It's a shame they feel they need to resort to this type of marketing in order to attract new clients."
"I was needing a second loan and they offered the option of refinance and add more funds as loan. The process was easygoing and fast funding. Avant was there when I needed. Thanks
Avant!"
I received professional customer service and the transaction went with ease. Money was received the same day I applied for the loan.
Fine service nothing great nothing bad we shall see over time.
Quick and so easy!! Thank you
Thankyou Avant. It helped me in desperate time
It was a very smooth process and very excited
Very professional credit card company with a pleasing amount of credit card limit approved. I recommend you to check them out for yourself.
"Date of experience: August 14, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 10, 2023"
Excellent service
"My experience was made great, by the quickness, my loan was approved."
I have had no problems. No card issues.
Customer service was helpful and patient with handling my questions. The agent was able to walk me through the steps. Never rushed or inpatient with my numerous questions or nervousness. Very cautious in explaining the legitimacy of the company.
"I tried applying at several companies for a personal loan, Avant was the only one with a good interest rate (about 5% below everyone else). I really appreciate Avant taking a chance on me when nobody else would. Thank you Avant!"
This company is very professional and looks out for each associate and member. Ket you know about your account and standing this is very good.
"Easy, fast and no hidden tricks. You pay it off like you’re supposed to and there should be no problem. This is my 3rd time using Avant and I have never had a problem."
"Service , fast and helpful"
Fast and easy very quickly process your application
I just started using my card everything is goin well
"Date of experience: August 07, 2023"
It was really convenient to have it accessible on my phone. My son is starting college and we were needing some extra funds. It was a great help to us. Thanks so much.
The team was able to get me approved in less then 30 seconds. Plus I did the process all on line without any waiting.
"Date of experience: August 08, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 13, 2023"
Enjoying Card but not the extremely high interest rate.
Fast and easy process just wished the interest rate was lower
I like very much your service I really appreciate your service
Easy process. Received card quickly!
It was a easy process that's what I really liked about the application. And for the phone app.
"Good and quick, so far. Hoping I stop receiving offers for more cards and they just raise my limit"
"As a small business owner credit cards are the life line! I am constantly reordering products for manufacturing and shiping containers. I do not have time to mail out a check and wait for it to clear. Thanks, and do you have business credit cards? GORLEY ENDEVERS."
So far I have had a good experience with Avant but the credit card is new.
"Applying for my Avant card was simple and quick. I hadn’t received a statement yet but I wanted to pay so I called the # on the back of my card. Within minutes, I was able to make a payment without any hassle."
"Date of experience: August 06, 2023"
I didn't have an problem with Avant card that in my book was great thank you Avant.
"This is a pretty crappy card. It takes four to five days to post a payment, so you can barely use it enough to get the points."
Very fast apptoval. My first transaction was renewing my phone plan.
"Date of experience: August 12, 2023"
Easy to access No problems using it anywhere
Application process was extremely easy.. had funds in my account within 3 days
I have a great experience quick service I got my card in the mail in 1 week after I got approved. I love the app it's super easy to use it was quick to Register. I love it! Thanks Avant.
Give me real time updates as to why my card declined... And an option to go around it. It's really embarrassing trying to get materials for a job and having you card decline... But don't worry! It will allow you to buy a candy bar from home Depot... Just not rent a tool....!!!!
"I set up a payment plan with Avant to catch up on my payments as I have health issues. The plan was selected by the Avant customer service rep. They told me this was what I would have to pay and I would be caught up which I agreed to. I was told my card would stay open and in good standing as well. They also told me there would be interest charges but was not advised that I would also be charged late fees. I was charged for late fees in June, July and August because it was considered late and I didn’t pay enough to cover the past due. How is that when the customer service rep was the one who told me what payment plan would catch me up? I tried calling to get the late fees waived as it was $39/month. The customer service rep was rude and tried yelling at me, was cutting me off and put me on hold for more than 5 mins at a time. Nothing got resolved. I was told they would “file “ a claim for me to get the late fee “refunded” if approved and today I received an email that it was denied.

This is definitely unlawful practice and as I mentioned I was never once warned about late fees. The dates the payments were automatically withdrawn were the dates an Avant rep picked for me stating it would help me get caught up.

I asked to speak to a manager and not one manager came on the phone.

I’d like to speak to someone who can assist and is professional enough to get these late fees cleared up."
I just received my new credit card and clicked on the blue hyperlink in the email to activate it I did that about five times it wouldn't activate I even went to the app and it wouldn't activate so I ended up having to manually call the 800 number to activate extremely inconvenient!
"Date of experience: August 05, 2023"
"Avant is the great company, why? made easy to apply online, when you need it, and the process is short time, to get it all you need... Thank you Avant.."
"Date of experience: August 08, 2023"
"Avant was great. I've paid off my loan, but if I ever need another I know where to go.
Got my money fast, and was able to take care of business.
Thank you!"
Low limit and takes to long for payment to post I’m paying you off and never using this card again
Always a quick and easy transaction. So much appreciated!
To new to review
fast service and response. with detailed information.
"to be honest, I am still new here! only made 1 charge so far, however, it was very easy to apply and with a quick decision. I appreciate the card and plan on making a few purchases in a near future. thank you very much!"
"So far, all I have had with Avant is nothing but helpful people, answering any questions I might have"
The entire process in obtaining the loan was very easy.
I love my card its great it was easy to attain a card the app is easy to navigate thur I have not add to use any other services
"Date of experience: August 08, 2023"
I was provided with excellent customer service when I called to activate my new card.
"Friendly, knowledgeable and resprctful."
From start to finish it was an easy experience to deal with received money within a day after approval. Made taking care out f things a lot easier.
"Date of experience: August 08, 2023"
Ease of looking into the website to set up auto payments
Representatives are very helpful and polite
CSRS ARE ALWAYS COURTEOUS KNOWLEDGEABLE AND RESPECTFUL
"Date of experience: August 10, 2023"
"Avant has afforded me the opportunity to be able take care some of life's unexpected expenses. Always there , when I needed them. The app is easy to use . Quick customer support and awesome, honest feedback. Thanks again Avant !!! I'm more than happy with your services."
"I believe that we will have a good relationship, so far I'm pleased. Thank you.."
"Date of experience: August 10, 2023"
Excellent customer service and support. Very caring and helpful.
"Date of experience: August 10, 2023"
"The application for the card was quick and easy (I did receive a pre-approval offer. The credit terms were good, especially the no annual fee."
"Date of experience: August 10, 2023"
"the process was very easy and got an answer within seconds. once approved, deposit was made next business day.."
It took a long time but I'm glad to do business with you thanks
"Date of experience: August 01, 2023"
don't get sucked in by offer. I got good credit. stay away from this company. Its a scam.
"Don't have credit card yet.
Please send out my Avant credit card 8-9-23"
"Date of experience: August 04, 2023"
No problems. A good card to have.
"Very easy to fill out the application and service was fast and friendly! The funds were in my account when I woke up the following day! Fast, Easy, and Efficient! That’s exactly what I look for in any company I do business with."
Answered my question.. very polite..
"card gets read without issues, payments post quickly so i can keep using the card"
Quick and Easy online and loan application approval and flexible with low interest rates
Went on line and applied for the loan was very easy to apply and was given a response right away. Great customer service. Keep up the great work
"Date of experience: August 02, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 09, 2023"
Customer service is very good
The website is easy to navigate. I expect wonderful experience from Avant.
They work in a timely manner and take security seriously
Haven’t had any problem with the card so far. I hope it’s going to continue to be that way
"Simple, strait forward process. Enjoying the card!"
Good __ Company I See a Beautiful Financial Partnership
"I am so thankful for the trust you gave to me. Your customer service is great! I am appreciative, thank you!"
There was no delays or time laps in the request. Very timely and professional. Thank you!!!
"Avant- was very easy to work with. I honestly did not think my credit score would qualify me for a loan. But, boy was I wrong! Thank you for helping me rebuild my credit!"
excellent on the understanding of people like me whos needing a chance to a better life.
"Date of experience: August 01, 2023"
I pay my payment early before the due date and it takes them a long time to post my payment and show the new balance I have capital one card and credit one bank also and they post the payment right away and sometimes the customer service people have bad attitudes
"Date of experience: August 07, 2023"
"Haven't really experienced anything yet. Was able to use my card for the first time just recently. It was a bit of a pain to get it activated, but other than that, I can't really say anything else"
"Date of experience: August 01, 2023"
Just very easy to use and companies know who you are
"Date of experience: August 07, 2023"
"Great customer service, answer questions that I needed.
Just a little hard to understand the customer service person."
"Date of experience: August 03, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 02, 2023"
Fast easy and I didnt even had to speak to anyone
Been trying to pay off my account but know one answers. When you call don’t say you want to make a payment especially if you want to payoff early. It would be a great service if they had customer service.
"My experience was casual, and to know when to use your credit in good faith and to appreciate the way of spending and buying , not going over your head always use wisely and with care and respect the card."
I just started using this card. No problems
"Date of experience: July 21, 2023"
I was amazed at how easy it was! Thought I wouldn't get approved at all.
"Terrible, my card was locked twice before I even got my first bill leaving me stranded out of tow, called customer service she said it was rest, used it again, it locked again, called customer service again, tried to reset it didnt work, said I had to wait 3 business days as it was sen that to their technical support, told them to close it and send me a final bill. No use in having a card that is unpredictable"
Showed up quick. Easy to use. Easy to activate.
"Professional, respectful and patient while guiding me through the online process. Gave me a larger credit limit, which really helped. Thank you."
"Great so far; easy website; perfect card. I lived abroad for years; did not have bad credit; had no credit and Avant has given me the opportunity to re-establish it. Hopefully, the balance increases soon. Avant is the perfect partner for people with or without credit issues."
I think Avant is absolutely the best! They are great.
*There's a problem with my balance and transactions. Will call customer service 7/7/2023
"I really haven't to much interaction with the company, but the one time I did customer service was very helpful, and at least I know if I ever have a problem I can speak to a live person"
"Date of experience: August 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 02, 2023"
"I don't appreciate you reporting that I've used more than half of my credit limit to the credit bureau when I haven't even been given a due date and time to pay. I don't carry balances, the money I used was in my checking account, therefore I could have used my bank account to pay for the services, that I used the card for. I used the card, because that's what its for. Normally banks report your unpaid balances after both the due date and next statement when you've paid your balance, not the very first statement. If I haven't been given a due date, how can I even pay it.when. You made it seem to credit bureaus I carry a balance, and I don't. This lowered my score 12 points!!! Moral of the story wait til your first statement comes out, and you have a due date, before you use this card for any purchases."
"Easy to do business with .
Professional. 5 star service."
Great company to build your credit with. Ty for your trust and outstanding service.
"Good service… easy to use app. Now, if I can just get rid of that darn yearly charge…"
"Freedom of choice.
No hidden charges"
Applied for the card got approved & received card in 7 days
Easy to apply for a credit card and a quick response. I liked knowing I was pre approved. Easy online set up. I am happy to have this card so I can keep improving my credit score seeing I got my first credit card at age 40. Thank You Avant!
"Date of experience: August 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: August 04, 2023"
Good job.. Good product
It was pretty easy with the right documents
I signed up for a credit card with this company just to have one for an emergencies. They've done very well for me I've been I've appreciated them so much and just gotten a very needed
Easy to pay monthly with a debit card. No need to provide bank account information.
Received my card in mail real fast and it was easy to activate and ready for use immediately
"Great quality service and quick!
Thank you so much"
"It was easy to apply got a fast response and are very easy to work with, Avant cares about you!"
I have used Avant twice. Each experience has been the same: excellent!! Ease to explore options and rates to finalizing a loan and receiving funds. Quite reliable and efficient.
Can't use this card with most square vendors which makes it useless in small towns etc. The terrible credit limits offered is insane. I am glad this card got stolen from me.
"Date of experience: July 21, 2023"
"Avant is a good credit card. The intrest is a little high, butt, it is a good card to have."
"Date of experience: August 04, 2023"
Was easy! Love it __
Got an answer in less than 3 minutes and money was available the next day __
The website is easy to read and I love being able to just post my payment there
"Easy Process!
The loan was done fast and funds were provided within 24hrs. Everything was done online and there was no one calling and asking questions, making me uncomfortable or doubting my choices. Simply provide the information they requested and the decision was provided in mere moments on my approval."
They are a good company to work with.
"When I got my Card it was very easy to set up and your online easy to set up also, Everything is easy to read and understand,"
They gave me a chance and I'm great friends l for that.
"Date of experience: July 19, 2023"
The customer service was wonderful and made the loan process so easy thank you really appreciate and the process the same day great service
Avant- was very helpful in getting me the funding I needed in a timely manner.
"All I can say is Thank you, Avant."
What a great card. It helps out starting over again.
Very easy to use. With a simple web site to use thank you that means alot to me
Everything went through smoothly had no problem getting information or using my card anyway. Communication was very good and fast an clearly understood.
It’s Been Good So Far
Fast not complicated at all. Got my money the next day__
"Date of experience: August 02, 2023"
It was simple and surprisingly helpful and so thank you
"Helping me consolidate my debt offering the best Interest Rate to make the payments possible for me. The answer time was fast, and the website is amazing and easy to navigate."
Terrible customer service. Received notification that I was approved. Applied 9 days ago. Just spoke with a representative who rudely said I was Not approved. I asked for a supervisor and was told supervisor not available. This was my third phone call. All reps need better customer service training. Very upset!
All I can say is wow! The application is easy to use and money was in my account within 24 hours! Thanks Avant!
Ease of use and simple app.
"The whole process is simple, and easy to understand, the deposit of the money entered my bank account the next day, I recommend it."
The experience was very simple and quick which made everything great.
"Date of experience: August 01, 2023"
"Make sure to read the fine print. They charge the interest all up front and there's no way to get out of it. They will not answer questions about this over email, they will tell you that you can pay early to avoid interest but that's not true. You will still be responsible for it. If you want to get a direct answer you have to call and I spoke to someone super rude. Do not get a loan through them."
"I haven't even gotten my card yet snd already regretting signing up for it after seeing reviews about having a different time speaking with someone, activating the card, unknown transactions on the card before even getting the card and unexpected drops on your balance after getting approved for a higher amount. I now don't feel comfortable using this card and may just have to take the hit on my credit and cancel my account before I get the card."
This is a great card. The app is easy and customer service is awesome __
Easy access to credit. Ability to grow with a credit limit that allows you financial flexibility
The time for the application was super fast
"Date of experience: July 28, 2023"
Tried to order something online and it wouldn’t go through
"Avant credit has easy approval, fair credit limits, increases with one-time payments. The Online account system is user friendly. Everything transparent.

I recommend Avant for your Financial credit card needs."
Easy use easier to navigate website.
I tried to use my card this weekend at the Ohio State fair and it was declined. I was extremely embarrassed so right now my review is not good.
Application process was easy and approval was quick! I applied on Saturday and had funds in my account on Monday!
Surprisingly quick results and funding.The best thing no endless phone calls.
I am new to Avant. It's too soon to write an honest review! __
The loan was a quick & simple process. I can also make extra payments & payoff the loan early without incurring any penalties.
This was an easy application and it was approved in less than 2 days. I would definitely recommend this for a loan. The only downside is there might be high interest rates depending on your credit score. Great loan company!
Great customer service made my experience easy and fast and reliable
"Date of experience: July 30, 2023"
I'm thrilled with Avant mastercard! Their service is great... i just lost my card and the rep was very helpful. They also j ust approved me for a credit line increase just for requesting. The increase was small - $250 but it was instant and easy. Recommended!
"Avant worked with me giving me a chance to prove my credit worthness, you pay your account on time and recieve a gift of credit line increase, the team leaders are nice and kind helpful and understanding keep up the good work Team Avant!!"
The only thing I know about this company is that they offered me a loan . I went through Nationwide lending and they took a lot of my loan .
They were quick and reliable in giving you an answer and not making you wait.
Really good service
"Date of experience: July 29, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 27, 2023"
Easy to submit all documents needed to finish my loan. Only issue was it did take about a little over a week to get approved.
This has been a great credit builder for me. The easy app makes it simple to make payments check balance. Keep your payment history good and watch your score go up.
"Date of experience: July 20, 2023"
at first the experience was normal. but after the card arrived it is impossible to activate it
"I would like to thank you for excepting me in your credit system, you have helped me alot.
Thank you."
"I read a lot of bad reviews and I was sceptical myself , but have to say an amazing fast experience I had with Avant ! Would highly recommend using them for a loan service"
"Great staff. Easy process. Avant always is helpful.
Thank you!"
The process is fast and simple. I was impressed and plan to make a personal loan again in the future.
Very happy with my new card. They gave me a reasonable starting balance that I can live with. Was an easy application and easy to navigate website. Highly Recommended.
Avant has been a life saver for me the process was fast and easy
I was skeptical that I would get this card but WOW. I got it within a week!
"Date of experience: July 27, 2023"
"Great people to deal with. They answer your questions when you call and they
Lay it all out in your statement so you’re not left guessing. You know your monthly amount and when it’s due. Highly recommended."
"Date of experience: July 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 20, 2023"
This is one of the better cards for people attempting to rebuild their credit. I've never had ANY issues using the card or making my payments. I was even given a credit increase which compared to others was a seamless process.
use of Avant in an emergency was so easy and speaking with agent was awesome. Agent was great.
"Extremely fast!

Avant reviewed my documentation and got me approved the same day I applied and my loan was funded the next day!"
"Easy process, received the card in record time, great!"
Your process was simple.I appreciated the approval allowing me to get my finances in order.
Very easy to apply. Quick response and funds were deposited within 24 hours of approval.
"Date of experience: July 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 21, 2023"
"it was fast, easy and glitch-free."
"Smooth process. The best out there ,"
Very easy to use. Online access is good and easy to use.
I submitted my requested information and was approved in less than 5 minutes. The payment plan was affordable for my budget and I was able to to use the funds within 2 business days. Very Grateful.
"This company claims a 24 hour turn time, but from my experience I am in day 5 and have had no more communication and have attempted several times to find out status. My advise, seek other options"
"Date of experience: July 25, 2023"
"Everything went smoothly, customer service was outstanding and very helpful."
They was awesome and fast putting money in account
Avant- has been great with helping build my credit. Easy credit increases
"The approval process was very quick.
Received my funds the next day."
"Date of experience: July 18, 2023"
I really can’t rate at this time I haven’t even made my first payment. Thank you
"I applied for a card months ago never heard nothing recently got another offer through Credit Karma for outstanding odds to get an Avant card with 0 fee and 30% apr it said I already have an account, but they would never send me the recover password email so after two calls, the first one telling me to apply on the web not threw credit Karma still did not work. Don’t know what the second one did but was able to finish online application which intern tried to give me a $39 a year fee. With 30% APR so made a third phone call. Where I was told, I did not meet the original zero dollars a year fee, but the invitation still on Credit Karma which on Credit Karma they have a two star rating on a five be wary and warned of Avant"
The process was fast and easy! Money received the next day.
Don’t need perfect credit receive the card within seven days giving me a chance to rebuild my credit after my divorce
"What made my experience great? ...
... The ability to easily apply throughout my work shift and easily gather information needed to submit for approval with absolutely zero hassle.

What is this company doing well? ...
... Giving opportunity to those even with bad credit a chance at a second chance. I was in a pinch and needed to get some things payed off and with little time I received an email that I had been approved. I am truly from the bottom of my heart thankful for this and the Avant team that made it all possible. Thank you!"
"Even after hearing bad reviews. I took a chance and applied. Only a small amount of credit was granted, yet all I needed. Avant has posted on time, each payment I have made on-time and when I had to call customer service for advice, they were kind, prompt and answered my question. So far, I am pleased with Avant and hope it continues this way."
It was very easy to apply and send the needed documents for the loan. When I called to address a concern it was taken care of quickly.
Avant has been most convenient and beneficial for small loans that have helped me to restructure and control my debt - thank you Avant for being there
Called multiple times to check the status of my application. Was left holding indefinitely by one rep who couldn't understand me and kept saying my account doesn't exist or that I must go by another name. Called again and the other rep kept saying he couldn't hear me and was acting rude. Lots of noise in the background on their end. It sounds like an overseas call center. Absolutely terrible experience. Beware.
They make sure you have what you need and understand all paperwork.
too many different people calling to confirm the same information. It's frustrating.
Very easy to work with. Professional and access to my account was easy by verifying what I needed to do.
Very efficient
Excellent process and easy to apply. Only drawback to their product is no app to pay and track payoff of loan
"Date of experience: July 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 10, 2023"
Dependable fast easy service. Second time getting a loan and it’s been easy both times. Not evasive and makes you feel valued
Easy application and registration of card.
Found the use and services very favorable. Appreciate the good service!
The process is so easy when applying. This is my second time using them and I have not been disappointed.
Dont spam me asking for unsolicited reviews.
I'm fairly new with this card. So far it's been really great and helpful. Appreciate you. Thank you
"Date of experience: July 23, 2023"
"Excellent customer service, very helpful."
I needed help iin activating my card. I called support. Fixed right away
Thank you guys for giving me a chance to build my credit.
"Date of experience: July 20, 2023"
Thank you! It was so fast getting the money.
Easy to use. Very helpful and considerate people.
Process was so easy. Received money very quickly.
Great experience..especially on asking for a whole lot of information...Great loan company
Well it's just been an easy card to use and you guys have been very helpful when I'm not for sure what's going on and I hope that we can continue to be on good standing so I'd like to say thank you for letting me use your card
"Overall, the experience was pretty good. I had a problem activating my card online, but was able to do it over the phone. It would be nice if there was an app."
Using app was flawless. Quick response time. TY
"Date of experience: July 06, 2023"
"The credit card is great for me, though I was expecting higher limit. Their portal is great, everything is easy to navigate..."
"Date of experience: July 14, 2023"
I have a high credit score therefore I was not surprised to receive a line of credit. It was quick and easy for me to receive a new Avant card. Thank you.
"Date of experience: July 18, 2023"
A $500 increase on my credit does absolutely nothing.. my credit score is over 800 and all I got was a $500 increase!! Gesh! I stated that I needed to make a large purchase and y’all only added an extra $500. There’s absolutely nothing that I needed to purchase that would an extra $500 would cover. It could have been increased by at least an additional $2000.
Easy to find up to date account information.
"Date of experience: July 07, 2023"
Easy to apply results and money in 24 hours
My credit was well under 600 and I was approved for 3000 needed it quickly and i received payment in less than 48 hours have all of your information together and it shouldn’t be any issues! Please give them a shot the reviews did make me not want to apply but someone else experience possibly wont be yours also the customer service was amazing for me i had not one issue
"The Avant is a great card. The accounting is accurate and up-to-date. The only issue is I did not know when my first due date and statement date - I would have made another, larger payment to help look better on my credit report. I do look forward to seeing how they increase my credit line in the months to come."
Very simple process. Avant- makes taking a personal loan painless. Fast service and response. Highly recommended!
"The quick response, from customer service"
"I have about 7 years with capital one credit limit of $300. No credit limit ever ……. Now i got me this new credit card AVANT with credit limit of 1000 to start ,, thank you AVANT …..bye bye capital one"
"Fast, convenient & affordable"
I can always rely on Avant for my financial needs!!
Everything was simple and helpful. They kept me up to date to what was goin on in the account and informed me about items still missing to complete loan.
"The entire process, from applying to getting the online app ,was so easy. This is a great card to help re-establish my credit.
I could not be happier and highly recommend this card to everyone."
"Date of experience: July 20, 2023"
Avant made it easy to apply for a loan. This is the second time I’ve use this company. I received funding of my loan within 24 hours.
"They are always, polite, professional, just seems like a company that makes things easy in a complex world, that in itself is priceless."
I am glad you gave me a chance with your card. Thank you
"Date of experience: May 29, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 11, 2023"
I just got my card 2 months ago but so far I am very happy with the service I am receiving. Thank you Avant
"The entire experience was quick. I applied, uploaded all of my documents and within the next day i was approved. The process was very very simple. Got a great interest rate and low monthly payments. I will definitely do business with Avant again."
The process to apply for a loan was fast and easy. A determination was made the same day and the money was deposited directly into my account within 48 hours (due to a weekend).
"Just got this card about a month ago; so far so good! Started with a $3000 credit limit; and to date, it has been extremely easy to make payments using the app; and have had absolutely no issues when using the card! I read most of the reviews very thoroughly before deciding on this card, and some were great reviews like this one I’m leaving, while others were not so great reviews with the mentions of nightmare experiences. But again, as for me, my experience, l thus far has been great, and it is regarded as one of my most value cards! But will definitely keep trustpilot informed should anything change! Thanks again AVANT!"
"Quality, Fast service"
Outstanding customer support. A seamless process from beginning to end.
"If your credit isnt all that great try them anyway. It's a little bit of a tedious process to get the loan, but give them the info they need and it'll go smoothe enough and before you know it the funds will be in your account"
Great and fast. Love how it was super easy and got my money the next day.
Ease of access. Prompt responses.
Fast response
Avant was quick and easy to get approved and received my loan the following day.
"The process was so simple, I submitted my application and within 24 hours the funds was in my account. Awesome experience."
I don’t really talk to anyone from this company. All I know is that I have paid my loan ontime and the fact that I can be trusted.
This service was fast and easy to navigate. Awesome painless process!
Great services! Credit Card and Personal Loans. Happy to do business with Avant. Highly Recommend!!
"Avant- is amazing, quick easy and money in account within 24-48 hrs in your account.. no questions asked.. no delays.. easy refinance lowering interest and money back in your pocket."
You were there when I needed you stepped up and lint that helping hand that was so desperately needed
U can only get 200 dollars per day which is ridiculous if your credit limit is 3000. When you pay on the card it takes almost fives days too post. Don’t recommend this card
Pretty sure they only show good reviews because this company is a nightmare that ruined my life-literally. I don't even see how it's legal what they do.
"In July, I got a card with a nice credit limit great customer service team ,and I love the color of the card. By Leroy Brown."
"Date of experience: July 18, 2023"
"I called to make a
Payment the girl was very rude I was trying to pay online I could not do"
The process was so easy and I received my approval email in seconds!
My approval and deposit was fast and very easy application. The customer service was even better and quick to speak to someone. I'm glad they could help me out.
"I haven’t even received my card yet and there are already transactions being made (not by me), only 1 day after being approved. Customer service is horrible. Will be canceling this card."
after paying my card down to 100.00 balance all they gave me is a 24.00 credit on my 300.00 card what's up with that I paid on time before payment was even dew
I applied online for a credit card and within 4 hours of approval someone in Mexico was using the card. This obviously is an inside issue as I haven’t even received the card yet. Plus someone keeps resetting my password to the account. I will be closing this account as soon as possible. Fraud company
"Date of experience: July 17, 2023"
"Avant- provides a very easy and fast loan process; from completing the application to receiving the $$$$$ the NEXT DAY!

The loan payment agreement is affordable and sensible for the borrower.

I highly recommend their services."
I have a good experience but it could be faster letting me know about my refinancing. I had been good customer for a year with you.
"Date of experience: July 17, 2023"
I applied because it said I had outstanding approval. I put all my information in including my banking information only to be denied. How could I have outstanding approval then. Ugh
Very easy to apply. Quick decision and great customer service. I was approved in just a couple of minutes. I did have to wait for my card to arrive before I could use it though which was not a problem. Easy to create log in web site account to manage payments and check account balance. Also easy phone app to do the same as on line account. 5 stars!
Made my life easy and smoother. Thank you for your online quick approval time and credit limit.
"Date of experience: July 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 26, 2023"
"This is by far the worst company to do business with. Be warned that if you do you will have no end to fees even when you pay in full . They call it trailing interest fees! Then you have to talk to someone who is a racist and hates american people real nice __. They lie about you paying you paying your balance in full. They complained that they don’t take responsibility for their employees mistakes and they have to get approval just to remove a fee that they made the mistake of doing. I have paid in full owes training fees and they just accumulate ans this company doesn’t get that it’s the principle not the amount of money which was very insignificant. Thank you very much. I will never recommend a company like yours for anyone not even my worse enemy! Mastercard, capital one all the way . No racism and dilemmas and very friendly plus I don’t work for them and get commission just my experience;) . Hope this will help anyone out in the future"
My card was never received and there’s charges on my card and i cannot contact a live person over the phone to save my life! No one has been in contact . It’s very hard the phone keeps hanging up when they answer! Do not recommend
Great way to build my credit! Thanks!
This card offers instant approval and offers a very simple to use mobile app. The card was recommended by Credit Karma. The main reason I got the card was for the 2 percent cash back unlimited on every purchase. Great card for you if you want a cash back card or if you have fair credit.
"Date of experience: July 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 05, 2023"
"Life savior, I apply for a loan around 1 year ago, got denied. I re applied fixing my credit score and I was approved. Thankful and hoping to work with avant more in the future ."
Avant- is very professional and courteous company to work with. Acant come thru for me very quickly and easily with a personal loan and the way the process of it . Thank you avant- for making this possible for me . I will continue to highly recommend put your name out here for anyone that is in need . Thanks again.____________
"Horrible company that just wants to charge ridiculous fees. I had my first payment scheduled on my due date. The next day, my payment was applied to my card and a $25 late fee added to my account. I called customer service to request the fee removed, but was denied.
Closed the card and never looked back."
"Date of experience: July 08, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 15, 2023"
They were friendly and very helpful for me and positive.
"Date of experience: July 11, 2023"
Just wanted to say thank you for helping me in building my credit. I look forward to doing business and experiencing your services with you!
Easy online verified quickly and return call customer service was professional and polite
Ease of question on applying.
"The process was extremely easy, all online, and only took minutes. I had a confirmation within a few hours and money within a couple days!"
It take to long with getting information and trying to speak to a representative that I can understand.
"Date of experience: July 14, 2023"
Easy of application. Ease of getting the funds i needed.
Avant- gave me opportunities when others wouldn’t! Thanks Avant!!________
Went into the online site and asked for a credit increase and they responded in seconds.
"Date of experience: July 13, 2023"
You guys never ket me down. Im always on time paying your balance and even if in late you knew i would be paying it soon. I pay every 2 weeks so i can show you that i pay my bills! Thank You for letting me get my raise__ God is great!!!!
"Date of experience: July 07, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 10, 2023"
So easy to apply and quick approval result. I received the funds immediately into my bank account through direct deposit.
Easy going got it done in less then a hour
They are good to work with and help with building credit
"Date of experience: July 06, 2023"
I'm very pleased with this card and hopefully it will boost my credit limits
A great card to have. Customer service is excellent too.
The MOST HORRIBLE AND DISAPPOINTED CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HIGHLY HORRIBLE SMH
"I gave a 5 star secondary to Avant was the only loan company to give me a chance, no other loan company understood in regards to my credit status and drowning in medical debt. I also, look at it as by making payments through Avant my credit will definitely improve down the road. Thank you very much!! If I ever need a loan definitely would pick Avant."
"Process was fast and easy, took a couple minutes and deposit was there next day. Grateful ____"
"Quick and r4esponsive company. They were fast in our request and they were very helpful, good information."
"Date of experience: July 06, 2023"
It’s was easy to obtain a loan I also called on the phone the person I spoke with was kind and helpful
The process was easy and not overwhelming.
Everything was Efficient & Timely. Thank You
The Best Custmer Service in the Industry. Great card !
Customer service representative solved the issue immediately
Great customer service and a well managed App.
Quick and simple. Money was in the account 48 hours after approve.
"Easy to apply for, customer service is very helpful."
everything went smoolhly and fast would recommend to anyone.
The application was easy. The funding was fast and the easy automatic payment was perfect.
Emergency situation needed some funds and was very impressed on the speed of funding. It does comes with admin fees but it’s a lot less expense than a cash advance or asking uncle Leo.
"Fast, simple, and easy"
They application process was easy and efficient - also received a decision is a VERY quick fashion!! Appreciate everything they offer
I truly appreciate the Flawless application and approval process.
"Avant..helped when no one else would..they are true t9 their services..and I would recommend
Avant..to anyone looking to find a place that really helps in your time of need...Thank you Avant."
"Date of experience: July 09, 2023"
What made my experience great. They gave me what I asked for and the other companies wouldn’t. I really appreciate it.
Well giving a chance to slowly build up my credit with companyThank you
The application was fast and easy there prices are reasonable website is easy to navigate with a quick response time
I'm new to the account so I really can't give you a good review maybe in about 6 months I could tell you a little bit more about your credit card so far everything seems to be okay.
The ease of customer service made this call very fast.
Approved online on the Sunday before 4th of July and had funds 2 days early on the 4th.
Excellent service and fast delivery.
The application process was quick and easy and I received the money quick once the holiday was over and the low monthly payments are great thanks Avant for everything
"A company that truly believed in me. Unlike others, where they solicite and tell you, you are pre approved and deny you at the end. Boneheads."
Very smooth and easy process! I've used you all before and I will continue to use you as needed.
"The request was fulfilled, only issue was getting the agent to understand my pay, part salary, part commission. With the commission occurring in the last half of the year"
"Fast , friendly, good interest rate Easy application"
Avant was there when in a time of need. Generous credit line and easy to use interface.
Easy Process. Easy Approval.
You are a great company and you give people a new beginning. Thank you..
"I applied for a loan and within 48 hours, I got an answer. The funds were delivered to my bank the next business day. I really appreciated getting the funds I needed. Thank you Avant."
My credit score to me was subpar… but AVANT have me a chance based on my good credit history alone! I was approved for more than I could’ve imagine! Thank you Avant!
"Customer service and the easy online walk thru to apply for a loan.
Fast response."
Good experience applying.
What I have experienced is there is help out there if you need it.
"My agent was very knowledgeable, helpful and made it very easy to accept the offer. He guided me through each step and answered every question I had. Thank you again Avant for trusting and believing in me.

K.K."
The easy application process and prompt reply. Overall process worked great and money in my account in just a couple days
"Excellent service
Great customer services and easy application process.
Thanks"
No problem the avant- team was very helpful and professional I had no problems with my application they went right to work and got me what I needed thank you avant
It was easy and convenient. Detailed and forward. Very happy.
Thank you for approving my card and I love there's no fees.
"Date of experience: June 29, 2023"
This was a very easy process. I sent in required paperwork and within 2 days the money was deposited into my account. I will definitely use them again if needed.
Once I gave all the information that was needed and went to the dashboard I saw that I was approved. The money was in my bank in the next few days.. I was able to catch up on my bllls and still have some left over to buy groceries. Thank you very much
I was approved and received my funds within 24 hours!!
"Date of experience: July 05, 2023"
"Horrible. I got charged over 75 bucks in whos knows what?? Then when I try to call, I get hung up on 3 times."
"Date of experience: June 30, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 30, 2023"
Cannot leave a proper review at this time as my student loan servicer was previously Great Lakes and my account was just transferred to Avant.
Great all around experience.
The process is very very lengthy. It took about 3 days but constantly advertises its should take 1 day and then it says once approved recieve funding the next day but it took 3. Basically overall it was a week long journey. Lastly the amount I applied for and was approved for in the very end when it came time to sign it was lowered including the fees. A bit misleading overall for everything but at least I was approved for something
Your generous line of credit. And the quick turn around time receiving my card.
"Great Card!!
I haven't had the card that long but so far so good. Easy application process, received the card shortly after. Downloaded the app, no issues there. 5 out of 5 for me!!"
Process was so easy. Quickly funded. Great customer service.
"The customer service is very helpful , the statements are very easy to understand , and the application process was very simple ."
...........
So far great and reasonably rebuilt credit card thanks
I was able to apply without any hustle and got what i need.
"Date of experience: June 26, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 26, 2023"
Worked with me through my financial problems.
Everything was really easy-to-use. As promised the money was in the bank 24 hours later.
"Date of experience: June 25, 2023"
Guys dont even waste ur time...i gave good credit and got declined right away ____ what a looser company
Agents were concise about necessary documentation and efficient with processing it.
"Date of experience: June 27, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 02, 2023"
Avant gives me the opportunity to help my credit score and more credit power.
"Date of experience: June 22, 2023"
It's so dependable! I love it!
"Thank you Avant, for having trust in me for a second chance __ to help built my credit __. So far it's been amazing three weeks to a month with my card great experience so far . Great customer service, quick on resolving a problem."
Such an easy experience with avant! This is my second loan from them and they are so easy to use and care about their customers. Thank you again Avant!
"Date of experience: July 02, 2023"
Avant was simple and easy to apply. I'm using my avant account now. I would suggest Avant to everyone.
"Date of experience: June 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: July 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 25, 2023"
Avant is a great cc great customer service thank you
"Date of experience: June 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 22, 2023"
Very easy to access information on app and easy to read. Large enough print. Also it was easy to set up payments and they were posted right away.
This was my first time using Avant and so far so good. The loan process was quick and efficient. I would definitely recommend.
"Very great experience, Thank you"
"Date of experience: June 30, 2023"
"I was so happy to get approved for Debt consolidation, You saved my life at the right time before stress, You guys made it happen, I couldn’t thank you so much, I was able to pay off the issue and get to spend time my family with peace and comfort."
Everything has gone smoothly and quickly. Thank you
"This is the second time I’ve turned to Avant for my financial needs. I’ve found their service fast and reliable. When it was necessary to contact them by phone I found their representatives to be friendly, knowledgeable and professional. I will definitely keep Avant in mind for any future financial needs."
I got the help that I needed! Thanks!
Super easy! Money was in my account quickly
"Easy to work with, fast and efficient"
"I love this place because their loan officers gave me a fair chance by giving me the loan that I really needed although I have bad credit (~610).

I seriously haven't been this pleased with a lending institution in a long time. I will pay off this loan, and then continue giving them my business."
Getting cash back on purchases. Speaking to a live person custoner service
Easy to apply. Easy to use
This is the 2nd loan I have done thru Avant. Andnit was very easy to deal with. And so fast.
I am so thankful for the help. You guys are awesome!!
"Very easy process, and the loan was funded pretty quickly."
Quick and easy
"This was the second loan I have taken from Avant. The second time was much better than the first time because Avant had made a couple of key changes that made repayment easier. My problem with Avant is that I overpaid my loan by $325 when I paid the loan off and I still have not received my refund two weeks later. They told me it could take up to three weeks to have the overpayment deposited into my account. I have a hard time believing this when they make deposits daily.


UPDATE!!!!!!!
I did receive an email today from Avant. It was the same thing they have been telling me that I will receive my refund in 2 - 3 weeks. They really should pay what they owe in a reasonable amount of time. You sure can't pay them late."
Easy to communicate with representative; very courteous and knowledgeable
Great customer service and very fast paced response to all my questions 10/10
"They took my 340$ monthly payments and they havent reflected on my loan account and accusing my bank to get my money back. They have THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE REPS that you could ever imagine. No knowledge, no respect, they pretend they dont hear you on the phone, if the situation is hard, they hang up the phone. Especially there is a one male rep, he is the worst ever. Its my luck, he is the one who always answers my calls."
The fastest way to get approval
"Date of experience: June 28, 2023"
Application process was simple and decision was prompt. Funds deposited quickly. Customer service team was prompt in changing my address and disabling automatic payments for me.
"Got approved decent rate, that's when the fun started. Finalizing the application wouldn't work, called customer support and got major amounts of attitude. Just save time and go elsewhere."
Reaching out on credit applications such as credit karma
The speed and clarity in which loan was done
I had zero problems with Avant. My only complaint is that I have used the company a couple times and always pay off complete balance quickly and I would think a lower interest rate would be offered for repeat customers.
"So far so good. While the rate and cost of this card is high, it is driven towards challenged credit situations with the ability to raise your credit score. Simple and straightforward app allows you to see your transactions and pay your bill quickly. If you have to speak with people, they are polite and knowledgeable about this card. If you need this type of credit card, I feel this a better option for you than most credit cards going after the same target market."
Thay are very helpful it's a very nice card.
"Date of experience: June 18, 2023"
I have a basic credit card with Avant. I have a charge that I am currently in the process of disputing as possible fraudulent. I called and spoke to Tom in the fraud department on the 18th of June as was told someone would be in touch during the upcoming week to discuss the charge and start the process of investigating and a refund. We it is now Monday the of the week after I was to be called and still haven't be contacted. I just called again and got customer service who 100% refused to transfer me to the fraud department because no one has yet been assigned my case. So if you are looking for customer service if needed this is definitely not the company for you. I now have to sit here and wait for them to contact me about my fraudulent charge without the option or ability to even ask a question to the department that hopefully will be handling this unfortunate situation!!!!!
The whole process was so quick and easy. I could not believe it when I got a message that my funds were going to be in my bank account within 24 business hours. Well.. it was in even sooner!
Very easy application to get loan and I got exactly what I needed. Tried other online loan places and didn’t get half the money as an offer. Very happy with AVANT so far. Also the interest rate was cheaper than other places too.
Everyone was nice and respectful they answered my many questions. My overall experience was great
I love the card the advantage it gives me
Great Card! Customer service Nice __
"Application was very simple, and the results were as promised"
"application super easy to fill, super fast approval afte documents submitted.
Funding a day early than the scheduled date."
Don't remember anything specific but although Avant is new to me all has been well so far.
"Date of experience: June 26, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 17, 2023"
"Everything on their website is so informative with easy access and accuracy.
Good way to build or rebuild your credit score.
Get easy credit increase(s) if needed and approval within seconds.
FIVE STAR SERVICE"
"Date of experience: June 13, 2023"
Ease of access and completion of application process. Everything was completed within a few minutes and uploading of required items were without difficulty. Very satisfied overall.
"I. Greatful for the invitation to join and the approved amount. My only issue is that whenever I try to use the card I get blocked or the card declines until l I authorize with customer service which can be really annoying, specially when they claim there is no block that they can see. Specially, when trying to get a rental car or send money abroad and the card declines. Other than that Customer service is excellent and I believe some day you would become a major bank."
"Date of experience: June 25, 2023"
It was very simple. I applied and a fee days later the money was in my account.
"Date of experience: June 24, 2023"
Very good customer service experience. Was approved fast and deposited into my account fast.
"The loan process was easy to go through, went smoothly and was fast."
The web site was easy to use and to navigate.
"Date of experience: June 22, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 23, 2023"
I received my card really fast. Able to used it once i active it.
Your interest rates
Everything was very simple and the account set up was also simple. The customer service team was very helpful and attentive to my needs.
Customer service & being thorough about the information that was given unto me.
Great customer service and outstanding mobile app. Makes everything so easy. Keep the good work
"My experience was easy and successful. I found the process to have positive progress for me. Avant platform had different calculations to meet anyone needs at the touch of a finger.
I appreciate Avant for having opportunities to assist in meeting my financial goals. When doing business with a company Avant is a company you can depend on. Thanks Avant."
The quick response and customer service was very good. Transaction was completed as scheduled.
Very easy and straight forward process. Customer service was responsive and accommodating
Easy to apply
Overall experience good. Was a little confusing trying to upload multiple page documents. After applying I received a email the next day to complete application even though everything was done. Was unclear I was approved until the money was in my bank 6 days later. I know a weekend and holiday was involved but could have got an approval email.
I had a financial difficulty and Avant came through and gave me a loan to resolve my problems. Thank you.
I got this card to use for a vacation. For the most part the card was great. I did have issues with the card being declined several times and would have to have it ran though sometimes up to three times to get it to go through. This started the first time I used it. Which was not a good feeling when you are already several hundred miles from home. But each time. It did eventually work and everything turned out fine. Just a few tense moments.
Responded quickly and was very professional. Helpful and knowledgeable in every way. It made everything so easy.
Requested a credit increase and anawered a few questions and was granted a increase. Great experience.
"Will update stars/review according after I have had this card for more than 90 days or around 9/15/23.
I have had this card for 30 days currently.
Opinion of card so far below
Pros:
I received credit card via USPS in a timely fashion.
Accepted by most retailers .
Online payment system is user friendly.
Cons: None thus far.
Limit has remained unchanged as of now.
If limit decreases that will be updated here."
"One of the best cards i have in my wallet. Simple to use and if you have any problems, their totally professional customer service will fix any issues you could possible have."
"Date of experience: June 19, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 16, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 07, 2023"
Process was easy quick approval. Great customer support.
"Date of experience: June 21, 2023"
I had questions and someone got back to me quickly. Kind and helpful.
"Date of experience: June 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 16, 2023"
Thank you so much for helping me when I needed it most. I've been able to catch up on bills and make some upgrades.
I am very happy because they helped me at the time I needed the most. I recommend them.
Avant made it quick and easy to apply for and get approved for a loan.
"Easy to use for recent transaction.
Very helpful for us financially.
Thank you"
They had a quick response time to my loan needs and every thing was wrapped up in short period of time. They also take steps to keep your info safe.
"Fast, efficient service! Customer service agent was pleasant & knowledgeable. Thanks!"
Very easy process. Receive loan next business day. __
Avant card is one of the best credit card available for all. I got this card about 6 months ago . Never got any problem to use all over the world. After 6 months I requested to increase my limit and they approved right away.
"Date of experience: June 20, 2023"
I was easily able to apply for my loan and received it quickly. I had a previous loan with Avant.
"Ease of access and prompt, responsive, customer service!"
Thank you for being there. Smooth and easy process.
"Date of experience: June 07, 2023"
Good experience
"It was a great experience, very smooth process I got money directly to my account. Customer service agents answer all my questions and concerns."
"Date of experience: June 12, 2023"
Great customer service. Prompt.
Is the second time I ask for a loan and they help me really good
"Easy process, quick approval or lack there of in previous situations as well as fast funding."
"Date of experience: May 07, 2023"
"I couldn't believe how easy it was to work with the Avant team. Even though mostly everything was done online, I did talk to a couple of agents and they were soo helpful. Thanks Avant for helping me and being so professional and helpful."
"Update - avant responded & put to call a number to get it resolved. So I did. They said someone will contact you in 5-7 bussiness days. Here we are a month later & NOTHING! As I stated before WORST COMPANY EVER! This is the WORST COMPANY EVER!!!! We made one charge on the account & we didn’t get our merchandise. So we disputed the charge. This was 12/2021! Still nothing! Every month we would call & explain everything over & over. No one calls back, no response to emails & so on. I don’t know how the Federal agencies haven’t fined them or gave them a violation for this. So as I said WORST CO EVER!!!"
"They got back to me to let me know I needed to download another document. As soon as they got it my loan was approved in a few hours.
I’ve used Avant before and had a good experience with them."
"Quick, fast and easy"
"Date of experience: June 17, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 17, 2023"
I love my new home I’m gonna enjoy my new family thank for letting me be part of it
Great card. Easy payments.
"I was pre-approved for a loan and lady who helped me with my application over the phone was very kind walking me through it. She stated that decisions on pre-approved accounts are instant but it would take at most 24 hours. I am now on day 5 of trying to get this ""pre-approved"" loan done but they keep making me go through hurdles. I presented all bank states, pay stubs, offer letter, and they pulled my credit with a hard inquiry. But they still can't decide if I should have it so I should talk to the IRS about my income being tracked for 2023. This isn't possible by the way but they insisted that I call the IRS now for prove me wrong. Well it's a holiday weekend so no one is available until Tuesday. They proceeded to state that I won't have a decision then until next Friday at the earliest and berated me on the phone about not knowing how this works. Ridiculous waste of a hard credit hit for a loan I cancelled due to their bait & switch tactics."
The company is professional .There turn around time is amazing .The Rep was very kind and willing to get the job done
I will start by saying that Avant surprised me this is one card that would never let go a bit high interest but worthy and easy to see information and good protection there is other cards that can’t even trust by given high credit but Avant does and so far I have a good experience
"Avant helped make this a streamlined, pain-free process in order to get the help I needed to continue with my debt consolidation plan."
"Well, your lending is based on my credit history because I need funds to run my business but I am great for what you are lending it I won't let you down. i fully understand how credit work is my everyday mission is to learn more."
I was able to be approved for a loan with good terms included. Would recommend!
Excellent online navigation portal and app for card management __
I really like this card. It’s easy to use and I like getting emails about my information.
"cash advances are limited to 200.00 a day, meaning when an atm charges for a withdrawal you can only take out up to whatever plus the withdrawal fee, not the full 200.00. Also, when the online account is reviewed it shows pending charges, but not who they are pending to, meaning I can't verify if the charges are fraudulent and so far I have had to returns/refunds on purchases and that hasn't shown up either"
It was so easy to deal with Avant. The representatives are very consciencious and courteous. I was very pleased with my interactions with them.
Such an easy process and customer service is top notch
My experience has been good so far the credit limit was low but I’m sure that with time it will increase.
"Date of experience: June 09, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 06, 2023"
THE WHOLE EXPERIENCE WAS VERY EASY TO ACCOMPLISH.
"Date of experience: June 02, 2023"
The lower interest rate refinance offer was great! The approval process was smooth but more communication on the process would have been nice. I applied and selected my terms. I was then told it was in review and should take 1-3 days. Mine took 8 days for approval of the refinance. I had called to get an update and was always told just 1-3 days for approval. I was approved on day 8 and the money hit my account the next day for the additional amount borrowed. But just better communication would have been nice.
My favorite card!! Easy to make payments!
"The application process was quick, easy, and convenient. Everything was done online. Customer service reps where very pleasant."
So far I have had no problems and it's very easy to use.
"Denied charges because I went out of town. Asked if I had alerted them I was going out of town. Stopped my card so couldn’t use on my trip, and said someone would have to follow up with me and nobody ever did."
"Date of experience: June 15, 2023"
Avant was easy to understand. They're patient with me with questions. After everything was in place the money was there with in 24 hours. Than
The approval experience was quick and easy. I received my card in a timely manner.
"One of the worst and unethical credit card companies out there. They don't even deserve a star! If you complain or call them out on how bad their services actually are. Avant representatives will literally give you bad feedback on your credit report.

I have actual proof! From a $2500 credit limit with autopay, within 3 months of use, my credit limit reached $300 and 1 late payment reported. How did this happened? Well, by paying my full balance every month.

Try contacting them so you can see for yourself. I highly suggest you stay away from this corrupt and unethical so called business!!!

Read the reviews, you will see for yourselves."
It was easy to apply and sign! I had zero issues with communication and they kept their word about funds being available the next day!
"Date of experience: June 14, 2023"
I don’t have any more information
"No hassle, receive loan in 24 hours or less, the economy is messed up right now, so interest rates are reasonable, at this time."
Gr8 card always people nice to help n go beyond to help u out. They will advice u always make pymt on time when increased time come u will get it.and i did woowoo
"Date of experience: June 09, 2023"
"I am so pleased with my Avant card. I was pleasantly surprised when I received my credit limit increase. Rebuilding your credit after a divorce can be hard, but this is really helping me along."
The online process was quick and easy to understand.
"I tried to make a payment with both my checking account and bank debit card and wasn't able to because my niece is an authorized signer on my checking account. You wanted her info name, birthday etc so I was unable to make the payment. I couldn't remember the year she was born. I did not understand why after verifying my identity you couldn't take a payment from me. My niece is not a co owner on my accounts."
I was looking to refinance my loan for a second time now and to borrow additional funds they made it easy quick I couldn't ask for a better company keep up the great work guys and thank you
"Awesome experience!
Avant a process was seamless, and very quick. Once all the required Information was uploaded, the approval process was immediate. Thank you Avant!"
"The loan process with this company was easy and smooth and the customer service reps are awesome and very helpful!
Thank you Avant you are making a big difference in our lives!"
My experience was great. Avant customer service support was very helpful and courteous.
Easy and fast service
"Avant has been increasing my credit limit for the past 3 years helping me improve my credit score. My latest limit increased of $500.00 took place on June 12th. Highly recommend this card.
Edward"
"Horrible to work with, customer support is a joke."
Easy to deal with and clear on all information.
very nice company
"It’s so easy to use and check to see what you have spent. Also, they keep me updated on everything I need to know about my account."
My experience was great with Avant I am in bankruptcy well on the end of it and I needed a loan to help me with my income tax payments and they gave me a loan and I was so grateful because other companies turned me down because of my bankruptcy I'm glad they gave me a chance and the money I needed.
Fast loan deposit.
"Date of experience: June 12, 2023"
Agent fixed my issue in just a couple minutes.
"Date of experience: May 03, 2023"
"I have been with Avant some time now, I love this card, I requested a credit line increase and it was approved quickly."
"Terrible website design. Terrible support.
Can't verify on a PC without using a webcam (which not everyone has). Can't verify using mobile Chrome.
After you do verify, their system will send you an email ~18 hours later reminding you to verify - but when you click the link, it says that you're all set.
When you contact support, they won't read your ticket and will just throw a canned response at you that likely doesn't have anything to do with your question."
Easy to use app
"Date of experience: May 26, 2023"
"Everything was real easy and quick. Applied on a Friday night, approved within hours, and received my funding by Tuesday!"
You know... in today's world it truly is difficult to work with an organization that truly sets forth the very best. Applying for my loan could not have been any easier. Thank you for approving my loan and thank you for giving individuals like myself an opportunity as you did.
"Date of experience: February 09, 2023"
The representative was very friendly and helpful. A great card to have in your wallet.
Was happy with increase line of credit
"Easy to use and consistent. However, rates are a little higher than average."
"Advant credit card is awesome, I was offered a credit line increase with out difficulties like other credit cards do. I am happy it can in time. Thanks!"
"Date of experience: June 08, 2023"
Great card to have as long as you make your payments on time every month you're guaranteed to get a credit limit increase!!!
The card is easy to use people very polite
Very helpful and undestanding
"Good Evening, My Name : is Moses Gamble JR. First, I Personally Rate; WEB BANK FIVE STARS, I found the Loan Process to be very easy… the funds was on time. ThankYou, And Warm Regards, Have A Bless week;"
All was fine except Inspent a total of 1 1/2 hours on phone trying to get verification of my e-mail. Finally reset at UR end to make it work. Otherwise all was fine. Timely otherwise and courteous.
So far so good. This card is a new one for me..
Easy use plenty of availability
Was made headache free and easy thank you
"It took a lot longer than 24 hours for me to hear anything. But I was still approved for a loan. So that I may pay off my credit cards. ALTHOUGH, I will say that Avant needs a BETTER way to upload IDs and a pic other than Google Chrome. They need to have Microsoft Edge on a mobile phone."
"Date of experience: June 02, 2023"
"I was out of town and requested a cash advance and was denied, I had a $2800 availability. Why?"
Seems impossible to set up auto pay as it can only be done online the email needed to reset a password I’m certain of never arrives ….
Very easy application process! Quick and efficient.
Quick & very easy to work with. Very helpful agents.
It was very easy to use the card - period.
It was so easy and quick. I track everything on the app and I love that as well.
honestly its basicly been realy easy to deal with these guys and they dont blow up my phone with adds and offers they just let me do my thing and help me out when im doing it!
"Date of experience: June 05, 2023"
Awesome stuff
It was every easy to get my card. But unfortunately my card has been declined 3 times already at different places and different times and that can be quit embarrassing. Not to sure if I will keep using this card.
"Date of experience: June 05, 2023"
Fast & super easy!! Money was there the next day! Affordable monthly payment highly recommended!
Easy activation process and no problems using my new card
"Date of experience: May 30, 2023"
"Representative's and staff very nice and friendly. Received my new card promptly, no problems. I think we're gonna have a good relationship."
"calls get disconnected easily, the reps you speak with ask for the same items repeatedly and don't know much about your loan. While I was approved it wasn't a fun process to deal with."
"Approved for Avant card, have been unable to verify my personal phone. Called each day for three days. Claim issue is escalated but have not gotten any response. Sent support email, requested I call. Same issue of escalation. Supervisor has been unavailable. Support is impossible. While they always answer, they provide canned information and no resolutions. This is possibly either a scam or they cannot handle tech issues."
I love this card it really easy to use great card
It was easy to apply for. Got the quickly
It was the easiest experience I ever had with getting a loan.
Super fast and easy. Great rate. Quick payout.
"Date of experience: May 30, 2023"
Quick and easy to navigate through and customer support was polite and very helpful
"Date of experience: June 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 30, 2023"
"I like the fact that there are a lot of loops that exist with other companies that I did not experience here. The fact that I could have started the process, and finish it 20 minutes after was very convenient for me, and the questions, and steps in the app process were clear, and anyone can actually understand, and do it with no assistance. You guys seems to be putting a thought into that! I hope that every following steps to come will be agreable."
"Date of experience: June 06, 2023"
I'm happy with the credit review process and also the customer service.
"Date of experience: June 05, 2023"
Great card. Started out with a remarkably higher credit limit than your run time the mill rebuilding card. Website is pretty simple as well. I would recommend this card to anybody looking for an opportunity to rebuild their credit.
"Date of experience: May 24, 2023"
Fast and easy process no hassle! Will recommend to my friends and family!
I applied for a personal loan I was told I was approved did everything that was asked and never received any money I would never use this company again
I like the card so far but haven't used it very long.
"Date of experience: June 05, 2023"
It is a great company to deal with and a very helpful company as well.
"I am so happy I applied for Avant Credit Card. It’s been great, the application was easy and I received a reply quickly, after being approved I’ve been enjoying my new credit card."
Great card. It came quick. No issues at all.
Out of all my cards so far your card has been place in #1 spot competing with Mercury Card
Got money pretty quickly approved Sunday had money Tuesday night
"The whole process was easy and did not take long to find out if I qualified for the Avant card.

Simplicity is what we need right now in this crazy time, I admire straight forward answers and the swiftness of your reply back to me."
Professional service and speedy responses.
"Superb service , however there is a great big giant problem with your call centers & or Customer Service Reps. Usually you get connected to someone in a foreign land that at best has a broken dialect.
Why would you ask?? Because it’s cheaper to employ someone where you only have to pay $3.50 an hour rather then $12.00 to $15.00 an hour. Shame on you, for making me ask (5) Five times to repeat themselves"
IT WAS AN EASY TRANSACTION. WELL PLEASED AND SATISFIED
I Request personal Loan..The requirement was easy to send The answer was no more then 3 day after they received the aplication. Last part for was really important I Talk with real people and professionals agent.
From the time I applied for loan they were there to see that I was satisfied. When there was a problem with my bank account number they helped me to resolve it. It was a great experience from the beginning til end
Great card to use. Very easy.
"Made it easy to apply and works well with people, with bad credit."
"Date of experience: May 29, 2023"
I was able to get approval fast and funds in back a couple days later. Helped a lot with my credit card debt.
"The experience is awesome,I had no problem with the excess,of using the card.It is a help knowing & growing with your company,& there is wonderful customer service __ __"
"Great card. Very easy to qualify for and reasonable payment terms. Additionally, making payments were a breeze and not in any way complicated."
"Their customer service is not US based, you can’t understand a thing they say. They’ve blocked every purchase I’ve tried to make so I had to call them. It’s still happening. I’ll be paying off my balance and cutting up my card __"
Easy to make payments. Easy to check balance. Great experience.
Although I have had the cc for a short time. Everything seems fine.
"What makes my experience great is that I’ve had no bad experience with your credit card. Hopefully everything will go great and I can get a credit increase soon. so I will continue to pay my bills on time and hope you see my progress but yes, so far so good five stars. __ ________"
"Was fast and super easy , only thing was I didn’t know I was even approved until the money was deposited"
"Date of experience: June 04, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 08, 2023"
"Been a nice experience having an Avant card. Easy to use, functional site, easy payments. Convenient options for requesting an increase in credit. Great experience."
"I made a payment 1 day early and they charged me a late fee for not making my payment on time. When I tried to work it out with them they said I should request a refund of which I did, they denied the refund, which occurred another late fee, which they said they would not do, so for 3 months they charged me late fees never gave me a refund and all because I made my payment 1 day early because I as going to be out of town at a funeral. I made the payment early because I didn't want to be late and get a late fee."
Avant is the best credit card company I have I love them
I needed to refinance another high interest loan. This was an easy process and Quick deposit!!
I've had an American Express since 2019 and haven't had an increase in credit once I've had Avant for two years and had two increments without even asking and when my card info was compromised online once they handled the matter in less than ten minutes and got me my money back they are amazing.
"Date of experience: May 30, 2023"
I really appreciate this company for the experience
Very easy to work with and funding was very quick.
"Quick and easy

Customer Service perfect"
Very good card. Easy to use and easy to make payments.
Everything was done in a timely manner
I was able to receive a grants or loan immediately.I was able to receive a grants or loan immediately .
"Just got started with my Avant account, so far, so good! Thanks, Avant!"
They kept the promise as advertised. It's too early to say more.
The phone service was great so far one of the fastest and easiest activations I ever encountered out of all the credit companies I used. The phone operators pronunciation was well recorded. You could understand her words easily. She also made things quick and simple. So Avant is great so far but I have yet to make a payment. That’s why I only gave you four stars..
"I felt so comfortable using Avant for my financial needs. Everything was made easy. All fees were presented upfront and the fact that I could choose a repayment plan that best suited me, and not Avant, was especially great. I used a debt consolidation loan that has not only improved my credit score, but will also allow me to save money by being able to pay off credit cards that had varying interest rates. This means that my loan from Avant will be paid off quicker than balances on my individual credit cards. Definitely recommend!"
Easy use! Great customer service.
"Date of experience: May 26, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 02, 2023"
I was very pleased with the services. Thank you for helping me
Easy to use. Gave credit increase when requested
"I'm new customer, so far it's been great."
"Wow! Very efficient and fast. A hassle free loan.
Thank you"
They make you feel welcome when ever you need answers to questions.And will help you when you get in a financial bind.
Did not answer my question or give me any useful information
"Such a quick application review and response from the Avant team, I couldn’t have had a better experience!"
Trying to make purchases and it was refused since the merchant was using square
No problems with card.excellent app. Everyone should have one.
Loan application and approval process was smooth and easy. Funds were deposited ahead of schedule. Loan account was easy to setup for automatic payments. Highly recommend.
It was fluid and very easily followed.
"Avant? THUMBS UP!! The website is easy to understand, the representative i spoke with had a good knowledge-base of your company, and the card has been a big help during these trying times."
"I have gotten two loans with avant 1st was 6,000 2nd was 3000 and paid off both. Applied for third loan was denied don't understand why. I have proven that I am a trusted customer,with everything happening in this country I thought Avant was there when I needed help."
To let me knw about my transaction and to make sure it was me. I appreciate it
Great Card !!!
"A great helpful company aiming to be part of the solution and not the problem! Worth your time in Applying- I do not regret the decision, thanks"
"I got a loan in 2021, paid it loan balance off in 3 months, but owed small amount of interest, don't let them full you, they waited unit 2023 and started charging interest on the loan because I didn't request a pay off! Beware! Do not use this company!!!!"
I would give Zero stars if I could I plan or pay off the small balance I owe and cancel this card immediately!!
"Simply, thanks for the help."
"Easy to work with
Thank you"
This credit card is the best. Fast and easy approval. No annual fees. The website is user friendly. Thank you Avant!
"Date of experience: May 26, 2023"
"Prompt service, remembering that I have a then back on to other lies, and they made me feel welcome to use them again."
Very fast and easy every one was very helpful and polite
The loan application was pretty straight forward and easy to do. And I didn’t have to talk to a million people or leave my home to do it
The loan process was efficient and without a glitch. My funds were in my bank very quickly.
"Date of experience: May 31, 2023"
It’s awesome
"Date of experience: May 25, 2023"
"Friendly fast no any bs requests like other landing firms
Get the funding I need"
Very quick and simple application. Excellent response from customer support.
"The reviews said it was easy to get a loan only a couple days. Mine was a little more difficult. I'm on disability and widow's, I get payed twice a month. I was on the phone for over an hour two times trying to explain my income. The last person I spoke with. I had to go over my benefits with her. I had to read it to her and tell her what page it was on. They want your last bank statement, all the pages even if there blank. Even tho it took me a week everyone was very nice. If they tell you they have everything they need just check back with them to make sure. I'm happy I recived the loan, I payed my car off and a couple credit cards an now I have one manageable payment. Thank you Avant"
"I made the application for a loan for putting in a new privacy fence and was approved after completing the application. The application was processed and we were informed the same day, that the application was approved and the funds would be deposited in my checking acccount in two days…never would believe that the application would be that fast. Avant is a great loan company."
"They are extremely prof ssional, helpful and kind"
The application process was simple and straight forward; the approval process was very quick. Thank you Avant!
Great customer service
"Company is great to work with for short term loans that you can pay off quickly and early, otherwise you'll tend to owe just as much in interest as the loan due to outrageous interest rates. But easily to deal with and quick approval process."
"These guys are friendly, helpful and they listen."
"The experience was great, due to the speed in which the loan was approved.
They asked for minimal information. Waited a day and got approval.
By the next week $ was in my account. Only delay was it was a weekend __"
"Date of experience: May 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 23, 2023"
Very professional. Good customer service.
"I haven't had the card long enough to really rate the experience. I've used it successfully for a purchase, haven't tried the payment system yet, and they're already begging me to review their service. Maybe wait until a customer's been with you for a few months before asking for general feedback, since any problem showing up faster than that is the purview of customer service, not ""yelp."" Probably just a scam to force me to make a Trustpilot account, and sell my data."
"Date of experience: May 18, 2023"
Everything was so easy not complicated at all. Love the process
Great experience the process was fast and easy.
"Date of experience: May 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 29, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 29, 2023"
Easy application process and quick funding
"Date of experience: May 28, 2023"
The process was extremely easy and fast! I am so glad Avant is available to people like me. People like me are tired of the bank throwing us around and denying us much needed loans. THANKS SO MUCH AVANT!
"Super, Great , Easy to use would highly recommend to anyone in need of a home repair, upgrade 5 stars"
"Fast, painless, awesome experience!"
"I applied for this card to help build my credit. I have no late payments and always pay my bills before the do date. I was approved for a 3k limit with a credit score of 624 at the time. Good rule of thumb; keep your spending under 30% of your limit, pay off all balanced monthly. So far, I’m thrilled with Avant and can’t wait to see how we grow together as I continue to build my credit towards excellence.

Thanks, Avant LLC."
"The entire process from start to finish was super easy and fast! After logging onto the site, I answered a few questions and gave a couple of employment details. In less that 2 minutes, I received multiple financing & monthly payment options from 3-5 companies. Once I selected Avant, I answered a few more questions and was immediately approved for my loan! The money was deposited into my account 2-3 days later."
They always there for me in emergency with a quick response.
"It was the fact that the loan was approved quickly and I received the money even quicker .Once I pay this loan off,I’m sure I will use you again .Thank you so much for trusting me and giving me a chance ."
"Only people who gave me a shot , fast respond !"
"Fast, simple and easy process!"
I’m so grateful for the way Avant responded to my needs within literally hours. Easy paperwork all on my phone and money was in my account earlier than they said it would be.
"Date of experience: May 26, 2023"
"First, I want to thank you for trusting me and giving me a chance for a loan.
I will not disappoint you. I'm good on my debts. I was in a bad relationship and she ran bills up on me and left. I'm never late on bills.
OK, now about the experience with you. It was very good, matter of fact it was great, easy, and simple to get alone and filling out everything. I had an answer with in minutes. Plus I received my money in one business day direct deposit to bank account. I appreciate you all. I would give 10 Stars if I could.
Thank you,
Glenn Hannon"
Ease of getting approved. Speed in getting the amount approved in my bank account. Thank you.
"Card declines frequently, even when there is available credit… embarrassing multiple times"
I closed the account. payed off the ballance before the due date leaving a zero ballance. The company next month charged me 4.14 interest on a zero ballance and will not clear this up. Te way this works They will continue to charge intrest on a 0 ballance you can never pay off the card you are just hit with a constant fee over and over again.
Very easy to deal with and exceptional customer service.
My application process was quick and easy. I was able to do application on my phone
"Date of experience: May 26, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 23, 2023"
I just received my card so far I have had zero problems and I have downloaded the app.
Customer Service was professional and polite. Love having v the card. Enabled me to do much needed dental work. Happy to be with Avany. Good app too!
"Date of experience: May 19, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 20, 2023"
Had a good experience but not quite sure what app to download to pay my bill.
Fast and quick approval and deposit. Good terms.
They helped me get approved fast and the following day I had the money I needed. They are great! I definitely recommend
"I'm a customer in good standing, paid off card in full. Waited a few days, tried using it for fuel (DENIED).
called and was transferred to supervisor SASHANEY, which informed me that 10 days are required by the company to repost credit availability.... WE DESERVE BETTER FROM CREDIT CARD COMPANIES THAT NEED US. NO LONGER WITH THIS FOREIGN CARD COMPANY. __"
The entire process was so good that I thought it was a prank or I was being punked and then the very next morning the money was in my bank account. Tremendous!!
Everything was easy & to the point & it only took a couple minutes.
"I haven’t used any other loan agencies personally. I do know several people who have used others, and I can honestly say this has been the best experience. The website is simple and user friendly, the application was super easy, my approval for both my original loan and my refinance was less than 24 hours. This overall has been above all my expectations."
"Everything about this card has been easy, from qualifying, receiving the card including notice it was on the way thru the mail, downloading app and the simple user interface of app with just the info you need. Great card"
The whole process was very quick and easy. Thanks!
Very good and very helpful and very good card
Easy to apply. Quick turnaround on approval. The card came just in time for me to purchase two tires. Cannot wait for the credit line increase to increase my buying power. Limit now because I don't want a balance over 30% of the credit limit.
Cash advance doesn't work with this card even though they send you a pin... doesn't make much sense to me
The whole experience was super fast and easy. I had the money in my bank so quickly. I would recommend 10/10
"Avant provided an easy application process. Following the review of my application, they provided me with the credit line I truly deserved based on my payment history."
"they understood my situation is. They behaved professionally throughout the the process. I had another lender, whom I won't name, that id been with for a while. that lender chose not to seem interested in my situation.. I had never missed a payment in 3 years ever.. oh well Avant allowed me to pay them off and set up a much better program for me."
"Very easy, knowledgeable, courteous people to help"
"The entire loan process at Avant was educational, congenial, and provided paramount customer service! I am not ""cell phone savvy"" but the customer service representative walked me through the entire process in order to obtain a reliable copy of my driver's license. All in all, I had an enjoyable painless business transaction with Avant and highly recommend it to anyone (especially seniors). Avant... thank you for your patience!"
It was amazing your customer service is excellent
Thank you for giving me a chance for a loan I am surely going to recommend you to others
I was charged $200 in back to back months and when I informed them that it wasn’t me who made those charges and that the charges were made in the state that their headquarters is they refused to correct the issue. They lied about starting an investigation as one of there employees informed me. Beware of this credit card company
"Fast service, got the amount I needed at the right rate! Thank you so much!"
"Awesome card
no hassle"
Good company very happy with their process
Very easy to deal with. Didn’t have to take time off of work. Was able to do everything online.
Not worth your time. $300 credit limit. They also take a additional fee of $75 leaving $225 for your available credit. This is the lowest card I have ever been offered. Really an insult and waste of time so now I’m just going to cancel this card. Also pulled a hard inquiry instead of soft one.
"The company did ok, but the wait was too long. I first put in my application on May the 1st. They said that my application had expired so I had to do another one. Why do i have to apply again?"
"Date of experience: May 23, 2023"
Quick and easy to full out credit application.
"Easy payments, easy to use. Good customer service."
"I am building credit and Avant has been very helpful in my endeavor.
I am an appreciative customer."
Quick and easily navigated website. Ease of use #1.
"Avant refuses to add a mailing address that is a PO Box. Apparently they only have the ability to associate 1 address with an account and PO Boxes are ""forbidden"". Canceled card same day I applied once I discovered this policy. The town I live in ONLY has PO Boxes, no mail is received at home addresses here. Received a welcome email on day 2, after canceling account. __ __"
"Avant is a straight up company. I got an alert from credit karma saying I qualified for a personal loan at low interest and I acted on it. I really didn't think too much about it when I submitted my ridiculously simple application on their app... didn't think something so simple would work...I mean...this is a $10,000 unsecured loan we're talking about, but surprisingly the money was in my bank 2 days later...they said 3 days but I got it in 2. All my credit cards are all high interest so I just paid them off with this small loan at 16.99%. My monthly credit card expense was cut by half and my credit score shot right up!! Seriously...you can't beat it with a stick."
"Date of experience: May 17, 2023"
Simple simple simple! Quick and efficient. Great experience.
"Date of experience: May 17, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 17, 2023"
The application process was simple and quick. Communication was good and the final results were quick also.
I had to call for customer service twice and was greeted with respect for both my time and my business. Excellent customer service
"Date of experience: May 21, 2023"
"Excellent customer service, a very detailed explanation about the benefits and perks of having a credit card."
It was a easy application process got the card quick now and negative thing I might see his interest rate pretty high
Greatest company they are great to make sure they help you as much as possible
Quick and easy needed fast money for unexpected expense got in contact with avant And all my worries were gone I will definitely recommend the company to a friend I will definitely be return them thank you again
"Date of experience: May 20, 2023"
"It was quick and easy to apply online.

I was a returning customer so I only wish I could’ve gotten a BETTER interest rate.

I also wish I could change my payment dates and increase my of payment amounts in my online account to make it more convenient for me.

I’ll have to compare other offers the next time"
You appear to want to help people with another chance to keep a good credit.
Money was there quick. Just haven't received any information on making payments yet?
The process was easy and I had no problem with activation. I was able to use it the same day! Happy to be a part of Avant.
I am so thankful and grateful for you believing in me and giving me an opportunity to get the loan. It means a lot. Thank you
"Your compassion,consideration, and willingness to help others makes you great!!!"
Customer service was very nice and understood the situation he was very polite. Thank you for the great team work.
"Fast and easy.
A+++"
"The customer service team were excellent when I contacted them
The company was able to block the use of the card when I wanted to use it because the address didn’t match with the original address"
"No problems, I love my Avant, Mastercard....__"
Very quick approval and easy process. Will definitely utilize them again.
If I could I would’ve given this Company NO STARS! I applied for a 2000.00 loan through Avant because it was the 1st options out of 3 on Credit Karma with my credit score being Trans 698 and Equ 700 and Exp 689. EVERY!! document that was required was sent in with the help of 1 of the C.Service Rep.. at the end of the day I was told There was NOTHING else needed from me. But check with my Dash board from time to time just in case. I did that. Nothing was asked if me to submit.I would be notify within 24hrs a decision of Approval or denied. Well i had confidence that I would get approved being Credit Karma BASED these Loan Agencies by my Credit score. Well I called the next day for a follow up and spoke to a Khaleel and by the way she spoke to me I KNEW she had it out for me. I hate to say it but I was treated like she didn’t like the color of my skin. So yes you guessed it I was unfortunately not able to receive the funds lol. So you mean to tell me I can get a card through APPLE.. a Bank that’s great but denied through Avant and their bank of choice. WOW! it said that I have 60 days to submit a form asking what was the decision made to Why I was denied. Yes I WANT THAT FORM. I just want to see what was the reason why I was denied. Be careful with this company.AND Credit Karma at this point I think they are running some kind of scam to get ppls information. Glad I pay the extra fraud cost on all my credits cause ppl like AVANT just CAN NOT BE TRUSTED!
I have only used it once so far but it seems to be good
"My experience with Avant was amazing. The things needed to process the loan was simple, fast and my favorite part - economical!"
"avant helped me where others told me ""no"" and thanks to the loan they gave me I will be able to pay several bills and keep only one payment, thanks avant."
I have been working with Avant since 2014 and they are Fast and Easy when you need a loan
"Avant has been very useful and helpfull to me. They have approved every charge I have made, some of charges have been for puplications and auto repair that I badly needed. I highly recommend this company as a partner in your credit history."
"Easy to understand application. Received funds quickly, great experience."
"Date of experience: May 12, 2023"
"It was a fast and easy process Not having a perfect score credit with some issues I got approved I'm glad that I did applied. I paid off some high interest rate credit cards, now I'm making one payment only with lower interest rate. Thank Avant"
So far everything is working out fine for my card.
"I had a 630 credit score and Avant approved me for a 3K credit limit! No monthly fee, low Apr and just a great card overall.
So far I just love this card.
Thank you Guys."
They got right back to us easy setup was very quick review and great service
I applied and received the results in a quick manner.
"Date of experience: May 15, 2023"
The company was very easy to go through the loan process with and very helpful. Highly recommend
Quick. Seemless.
"Easy process, quick to process. Easy terms."
"Date of experience: May 11, 2023"
The loan process was extremely easy and fast. My money was deposited the next day and the gentleman I spoke with on the phone was very friendly
"Date of experience: April 27, 2023"
"Well, I really recommend Avant for being really helpful and fast respond to my needs."
Great great company to deal with financial use
Stayed in contact with me through email to assure I completed all my task for review for the loan.
Easy and fast response
"I needed money for a lawyer quick
Avant was able to get me the money I needed the very next day , thank you!!!"
The simplicity of the process from applying to funding. Excellent system and reduction of paperwork. I strongly recommend Avant for your financial needs.
This was a seamless process. They delivered as expected.
"Date of experience: May 17, 2023"
"Great experience, very considerate loan terms! Much appreciated! Thank you!"
"Date of experience: May 14, 2023"
"Great customer service loan officer very nice, paper work easy to get"
"The application process is straightforward, fast, and there is customer support available. Thanks Avant!"
I am truly grateful that Avant took a chance with me and the process was painless! Avant helped put me in a position that definitely helped me progress in my endeavors. Thank you Avant!
My experience was very quick and my consultant was very helpful. Thank you!
Avant gave me the opportunity to build my credit and to help with necessities needed for bills.
"Date of experience: May 10, 2023"
"I should have done more research with credit karma, because I choose avant with the highest interest rate possible. So I will be very conservative with my card! I'm not sure if I will ever use it again....

Per Credit Karma, I could have done much better with numerous companies at 22%!!! I will explore these other options for sure!!

I BASICALLY GOT SCREWED!!!!

Regards,
Very dissatisfied customer"
Made sure all information I needed to make an informed choice was given to me
It was a good experience for the most part. Little to many phone calls to verify information which I can understand them trying to cover themselves.
I was shocked that the process was so easy and how quickly my account was funded. In credit card debt one day and all of it consolidated by the next day. Making one payment and carrying zero credit card debt is a wonderful feeling.
It's a good credit card for me to use
"The only lender that will work with us. They are in amazing, and the terms are exceptionally reasonable."
Just try too apply . What surprise with the credit limit . It was too little.
"Date of experience: May 09, 2023"
"You granted myself another loan to get rid of some high % credit cards.
I'm especially appreciative with times as they are.
Thank you."
"Date of experience: May 06, 2023"
Thank you so much . You guys are great.
You gave me a chance to improve my credit and a few things I need and I will try my best not to miss any payments each month
"Date of experience: May 11, 2023"
Very fast and easy process. Will definitely use Avant again
I would prefer paper statements. The app is good and easy to navigate.
"Date of experience: May 10, 2023"
"Wow what an experience, hands down this card is great and the service is outstanding !!!"
"Date of experience: May 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 02, 2023"
I’ve had no problems at all with this credit card.
Faster and easier to get money needed.
"Date of experience: May 12, 2023"
"I've done business with Avant several times. Each time, the process was streamlined and really focused on getting funds to me as quickly as possible. Definitely 5 star service."
Easy to access online. Got a quick answer. They have kept me aware of my balance.
I have used Avant several times in recent years. The process is always simple and fast! Rates are much better than other options!
They made everything simple to do right from home
You charged me over $600.00 for a loan that did not last 21 days.
Great company easy to work with. I will do business with them again.
This loan was easy and quickly administrated.
"Customer service is great, card is easy to use"
"Date of experience: May 09, 2023"
The card works well and the site is intuitive
Easy application..got approved in just minutes
"fast response,easy aplication,fast deposit.is my second loan in few years apart and the service is always the same accurate and simple,thanks fo been there."
"The whole process was fast, easy and stress free. I had an approval within a day and money by Monday."
"Date of experience: May 05, 2023"
Fairly quick delivery of the card itself. Approval came at a fair and reasonable time.
I was approved when some place wouldn't approve me without and cosigner and I received the money within days of that approval right when I needed the funds it was great and easy to apply
"Date of experience: May 12, 2023"
They are awesome! There is nothing else to say. Thank you Avant!
I felt like I should have gotten a higher increase
"Date of experience: May 11, 2023"
The entire process was smooth and no issues. Very good company overall.
Easy and quickly done
I was unable to complete my application online and I called the customer support and it was resolved immediately
"What a terrific, easy to navigate website. Loved the quick fast, easy approval times. Just all around positive experiences. Consumer friendly, but yet still very profitable for Avant. Win Win for all!"
"Quick and easy, I didn't have a long drawn out waiting period. Very polite and professional when I spoke with them. I would use again in the future if I need to."
The application was easy! Results were quickly available! Best loan experience ever! Thank you!
We went on Vacation & Loved How Easy it was For Us to Use the Card & Enjoy a Vacation We Will Remember Forever. Thank You
"Love the card, love the credit limit, I haven't used it much but I've had no problems! THANK YOU!"
"Once I received and reviewed the information I followed the online instructions. It was fast and approval in seconds! I would recommend this card for anyone that receives the offer to apply, they will not be disappointed."
"Date of experience: May 08, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
"The application was very quick and easy to fill out, the response was fast and they got my loan to me within 24 hours. I would highly recommend the service provided by Avant!"
The professionalism I witnessed towards me during transaction
I feel that avant worked with me to find a loan that I was comfortable with.
Great experience! Great customer service!
"This is my second time using Avant and they have been quick, efficient and stable. I have never had any issues with my loans or payments and they have good customer service if you have any questions."
Avant was always helpful when I needed to borrow money and gave me the opportunity to do so. I greatly appreciate all of your help thank you!
"Date of experience: May 03, 2023"
The fast process of the that you provided thank You
"Process is easy for those who have their affairs in order. I have less than perfect credit, but they showed trust, and that trust shall be rewarded."
It was quick easy and when I spoke to an assistant she was helpful and courteous
"Date of experience: April 27, 2023"
I was originally told if i called in after the 5th of the month i would be able the designate my payment due date for the 3rd of each month when i get my Social Security which when i called was told that wasn't true & i couldn't due that. Very misleading by another customer service person!
"Date of experience: May 03, 2023"
Card is fine . I don’t see a reason for a review !
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
"What made my experience great was the process, customer service and also I been dealing with Avant for several years now. Great work Avant. Thanks Charles Ross"
"I have really enjoyed Avant! There are no annual fees with my card and the easy to use app makes payment and even requests for credit line increases a great experience. After a history of satisfactory payment history, I was approved for a credit line increase. I did the request through the app and the credit increase was available right away! Great credit card company."
Very easy process. Was fast too
Received a letter that my loan was not approved. I never applied for a loan. I called and ask how did they get my information. They said I have to talk to the fraud dept. emailed the so called fraud dept everything. Got absolutely nothing back. What a fraud they are. There is no fraud dept. nothing but a scam this company is. Freely using my information without my consent. There should be a class action lawsuit against this company for being a fraud and scammer.
"Date of experience: May 08, 2023"
"No hidden fees, gave me a higher credit limit"
"Date of experience: April 30, 2023"
The associate was polite
"Date of experience: May 08, 2023"
"The entire process was great! Easy application, results right away."
"Date of experience: May 07, 2023"
"The process was extremely easy and efficient. I look forward to the next experience when a lower intrest rate applies to me. Within 6 months and 2 loans the rate dropped 10% on the second loan.

Very satisfied!!"
Easy to deal with and very fast response times
Very simple easy convenient set up. Money in one day!
"The card continues to decline when using it. I call in and I hear the same thing each time, ""We are so sorry for this inconvenience. Please hold while I look into this."" I asked if this will continue to happen and I did not receive an answer just, ""I am so sorry for this, it looks as though it was flagged for fraud."" What?! It's happened since the first time I have used it. If someone can explain this better, please do."
"Date of experience: May 04, 2023"
"Great service, fast and efficient !"
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
Easy credit application easy to qualify excellent service. Thank you.
Over all it's not a bad company to get a loan through. This is the second time that my husband and I have gotten loans through this company. What I will say is that both times we applied for the loans getting the documentation to them seemed to be an issue. I would send the documents and get a call the next day about one thing or another being wrong (usually they said they couldn't read the document). Once they could make everything out it was an quick and easy process.
The application process was easy and quick and terms were understandable
"Great card, but say application and fast results."
"This is the best experience I’ve ever had with Avant. Al thought they won’t or can’t change your due date which is a bummer, overall they are quick to act on any FRADULENT charges and I have had several credit line increases which is amazing."
So far I have had great experience with Avant.
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
Easy to work with and always available to answer questions.
"Date of experience: May 02, 2023"
"My card was declined at several businesses.
Customer service blamed it on the card readers identifying the credit card as a debit card.
No solution was offered."
"Date of experience: April 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 02, 2023"
Received my new card. Used it with no problems.
"Date of experience: May 04, 2023"
You have excellent service.
"Date of experience: April 28, 2023"
I applied for this new credit card account for build up my score and it did so good. Thanks
"Date of experience: April 19, 2023"
Easy application. Quick approval
"Date of experience: May 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 30, 2023"
I needed a loan and you gave me a chance I really appreciate you all for helping me
"Date of experience: April 28, 2023"
It was very quick and easy to get the loan that I needed
"Date of experience: April 28, 2023"
Great card to have
"Avant very quickly reviewed my application which was very important, the funds were quickly deposited in my account. The contract was also included. Finally no early payment penalty. Finance charge with damaged credit was high but acceptable. Payment is due the next month after receipt of funds"
They were there when I needed them. They were not complete. I would definitely recommend them to anyone that needed money fast and in a hurry. Thank for your help
"Great card, no issues. Although the CL could be higher, I've had no issues thus far. I think that the app could be updated as well. But overall, it's not a bad card. I use it, pay it off. Wash and repeat. Thanks Avant! __"
Great experience. Easy to apply. Card arrived quickly
It was a very easy and quick loan. They make the process so simple. Thanks!
"Date of experience: April 28, 2023"
Easy to apply and get immediate decision
The site is very easy to use and the process was streamlined.
"Date of experience: May 05, 2023"
Not had any issues so far. Activation was easy.
"Great card , no hassle"
"Date of experience: April 29, 2023"
You are all very generous with credit line increases thank you very much it helps my credit
"My experience with Avant when it comes to a loan was great. Between the time that I applied & was approved was about 24 hours which is pretty fast if you ask me. I rated it four because I had issues with my dashboard upon logging in after receiving several emails to log in for updates which was a tad bit frustrating other than that, I had no issues."
"Date of experience: April 27, 2023"
I really appreciate you giving me the opportunity to have a credit card through you guys. Thanks very much.
My experience was great because the staff member was quick and friendly through the application process.
They give me a really good payment plan
"Date of experience: May 04, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
Fast and very easy to use. Thank you Avant.
It was very easy to apply and the customer service people were extremely helpful. I have used Avant in the past in 2018 and was pleased with the service then and this is why I used them again.
Application process was easy. Received the card quickly. Online site is easy to use to make payments.
So far so good - a very good user experience so far with Avant... Quick payment updates and no problems encountered at all. Thanks so much!
"Very easy, great options, no hassle."
Fast and easy..
I am unable to use ATM to take out money. Constantly declining purchases or declining money withdrawals from ATM
This company was the easiest and fastest way to get a loan !
Such an easy process. I applied at 10AM was immediately approved without needing to send any documents. The money was deposited into my account by 11PM that night.
"Very fast
Very easy
Answer fast"
Easy to apply. Received the card quickly.
"Ease of working with Avant, no hassles nor a lot paperwork and red tape. Great experience"
"Date of experience: April 27, 2023"
Ive been with Avant less than a year and have had nothing but great things. My credit went up and so did my credit limit .
"Quick and easy to deal with money hit my bank days before expected and am for sure thankful, I would and will recommend to anyone"
Easy and informative process
"Using my new card was simple, especially with the ability to tap and go."
The process was fast and simple! AVANT help tremendously! Would definitely recommend and will use again in the future!
Used my card once after activating it and they locked it.
A small hitch on the form but excellent customer service and immediate funding!
I was glad that got approved with my application.
Quick n reliable
"Date of experience: April 27, 2023"
It was easy to apply for the loan I was approved quickly and it was without any hurdles of barriers and I would highly recommend Avant to anyone looking for a loan
The process was extremely simple and expeditious. We were in a crunch as our central air conditioning decided to die on us and Avant was able to provide us the funding to purchase a new unit.
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
The process was super easy and I had the money in my account within 24 hours!
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
"Thank you for being there when I abruptly needed this financial support. Your online application was clear, concise and to the point. You made this online transaction user friendly. I want you to know, I am grateful and very satisfied customer.
Sincerely,
Olester McLain ( Lester)"
The approval time was quick and the money was directly deposited into my account!
Getting the loan i needed was very easy. I just wish on the app when it comes to my credit card was there more options for automatated payment. There is only minimum payment or pay of the whole balance at once. That needs to change!!
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 26, 2023"
"very good people, helpful and kind! thank you!"
"Customer service was on point, they did a great job keeping you apprised of what was happening with your application, and the application process was easy and straightforward, what they told you the amount and payment will be, is what it is"
Good deal for a credit card thanks for letting me borrow on it also
Card is the best
Received card fast. Easy app sign up.
Great card and great customer service! No complaints whatsoever! Your purchases and payment post quickly and you don't have to worry about any phantom charges or fees. Not really sure what some members are referring to. I have had this card for over two yrs and have not experienced anything that I would deem untrustworthy. One of the best cards out currently
Very online but still engaged. Hope the personal info captured is kept private and not shared publicly.
Super jealous and easy to log in and make payments online.
"I was informed by my daughter at the last minute that she needed another 15K for college tuition. I saw an advertisement for Avant on credit karma while I was checking my credit so I can apply for a loan from my credit union and decided to give it a shot. It was fast easy and I was able to do all of it from my couch. Money was quick, terms will work. I couldn’t be happier with process"
"Our first time trying to pay the credit card back, my money was sent back. Not sure why and can’t find out why"
I didn't choose you someone stole my identity and chose you.
Easy to borrow when u need it
Easy to apply and eay to maneuver your site.
"Date of experience: April 24, 2023"
No annually fee and very pleasant to talk too
"The process was quick, easy and very user friendly"
Fast easy thank you
"Been very good to me,they are very curtious."
Good and easy to use..
"This was the easiest, fastest, most stream lined process…highly recommend and will do business with them in the future."
You made my dreams come true. One lending company I went to said that my money was my husbands not mine. I think she was not mentally all there. Your company was awesome and inspiring and making my dream come true. All I wanted was enough money to take my eldest son on a trip with the family. He has always been there for us. Thank-you from the whole family.
"Date of experience: April 29, 2023"
Helpful. Process was easy and if you had any questions always willing to help.
Fast service..you get your money or loan processed fast..no hassles and no drama...
"The entire process of procuring a loan was quick and painless.
We needed a loan badly and I was afraid since our credit was average we would not be able to get one, but lo & behold we did on our first try! Avant really came through for us and we are forever indebted (I mean that philosophically LOL!)"
The process was just so easy and I had my money within 24 hours.
Awesome experience and such fast response
Legit website - very very happy with the chance you have given me. Can’t thank you enough.
It was quick and easy. I received a fast answer and the money was deposited the next day. The only downside was it is a very high interest loan.
This card has been declining from day one. Customer support absolutely sucks. The only charge that went through is their annual fee. WTH are they charging a fee for when I can't even use their damn card? TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!
"Date of experience: April 18, 2023"
"They're constantly charging me late fees for no reason at all. I made a payment in April, and then I get a notice that I'm over the limit and my next payment is in May. Why am I being charged a late fee when I don't even use the card for purchases??? This credit card company is a total scam and their lack of communication regarding this matter is horrible. I can't wait to pay this off and close this account. My credit score has fallen because of this situation."
The process was simple and approval was fast.
"Great customer service!!
Was approved for more than I asked for and the next day the money was in my account. The mean what they say"
What made my experience great was that the application was very simple and easy to navigate and the waiting period was almost over before a blink of the eye. I appreciate the consideration with allowing clients time to pay back the loan as well. Thank you
The website is pretty easy to use as well as paying online.
I avant made it really easy to refinance a new loan and pay off the old one and the money was deposited in my checking account within three business days
These people are very knowledgeable and make the process very easy
I applied for a loan and got approved right away
"This company has been good to me, They gave me a good credit card and a lone, Their stuff were very professional and the aproval process was easy and quick"
"Everything so far is great, exactly what I was looking for in a credit card."
I would recommend anyone that is in a bind any cash fast to run not walk to fill out an application to get a loan from Avant you will receive it in a timely matter.
"Date of experience: April 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 20, 2023"
"I applied for a loan online with Avant and after I submitted the application, I wasn't sure if I had been approved because I didn't get a call or text or anything. Well, I called the number provided and checked and the Rep. told me I had been approved and told me when the money would be deposited into my account. She didn't not go over the terms of the loan with me, but it was on the information I saw when I applied for the loan. The Rep. was very pleasant, but I just thought they would go over terms with me. The process was very easy and quick, and I really liked that!"
They approved my loan in a timely fashion with a considerate interest and monthly payment. The process was also very easy and straightforward. Thank you Avant.
Fast and painless experience. Money was sent very next day after approval.
"Date of experience: April 06, 2023"
Fast and efficient. Thanks
The quick response to my loan request was so wonderful because I needed this money ASAP
"Avant was a great experience for summiting a loan, approval and depositing the money."
Ok card .... No text notifications on app :(
"The process was very simple and safe. I applied to simply get an idea of what my rates was going to be and when I received my offer, Avant was the way to go. I completed my application, got approved and received a notification of when my funds were going to be released to my account in a couple of days A day later I checked my account for a different reason and my funds had already been deposited. That was fast. I will definitely be using Avant in the future. Highly recommend Avant."
"Trusted
Repeat customer
Quick response both times"
Avant is excellent and they are having me to build my credit.
"Date of experience: April 13, 2023"
I really appreciate how fast and secure that this was done an excellent company.
"Date of experience: April 19, 2023"
"What I liked is how fast the deposit happens. What I didn't like was how long the approval took mainly because I have taken 2 loans out never missed a payment , all of the payments were on time. So I didn't understand why it took so long to get approved. Otherwise it was ok."
They were the only company that would approve me to have credit at all due to my bad history. They recently increased my credit and I am so happy! Highly recommend them.
Have only had the card just over a year and have had two credit line increases. Unlike other cards have had the same length and no line increase on some of them.
Don’t let the bad reviews fool you. The application process was fast and easy and funds was received quickly. Monthly payment was lower than other companies.
"YES, GETTING APPROVED WAS EASY.
DO NOT EVER GET AVANT CARD. MY BALANCE HAS BEEN $800 PLUS FOR THE PAST FIVE MONTHS, AND I NEVER MISSED A PAYMENT, OR PAID THE MINIMUM.
THIS COMPANY WILL RIP YOU OFF.
YOU'VE BEEN WARNED."
Went above and beyond to make sure my financial needs were met
"Date of experience: April 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 12, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 12, 2023"
It was easy to get credit card and I'm waiting to use it
"Easy process.
Employees were respectful to the client."
Awesome company and awesome customer support. Would highly recommend to others.
You work with people that have low credit awesome
"So easy to do business with. Fast finding, would definitely recommend and use again!!"
"Easy application process and quick funding. Interest rates could have been more favorable. My credit score is not perfect, but it's pretty good. I was hoping for better rates. Besides that the terms were good."
What made my experience great was that I got accepted for a loan which I needed when I applied for it. It was so quick and easy. My hopes was low at first because I don't have a high credit score but AVANT took a chance on me and approved me for a $3000.00 loan at a credit score under 650. That's rare and I appreciated it very much because I was able to use the loan towards what I honestly needed it for. Thank you very much Avant.
Avant is a great card. I've had it for 2 years and have been approved for 2 credit line increases already. If you're looking for a card that works for you give Avant a try!
"Easy peasy, fast approval with very good odds!"
"Hello!

No long drawn out story here.
Everything moves smoothly __
Even the mobile app!
I’m so happy I chose Avant!!

Thank You ____"
"Date of experience: April 18, 2023"
Applied on line it was very easy got approved thank you very much for allowing me into the family
Very user friendly. Great fast service!
"Date of experience: April 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 21, 2023"
Great credit card
Easy auto prompts
I was very happy with the card and it came in the mail right away.
"Quick processing of loan, money was deposited into my account within 1-2 days."
"I signed up for paperless billing and the process was easy.I love that notified me by email by balance,minimum payment and due date. Then they sent me an email when I made the payment with a confirmation number. I also got cash back on my purchase. Totally awesome"
The ease of applying for credit was painless.
Giving me a chance even though my credit wasn’t that good. I’m appreciative of that!!! Thanks!!!
"Loan Application- right question, process quick and money deposited into Bank within 24 hours.
Interest rate is higher its is due to my credit score. I will work on it."
"Date of experience: April 13, 2023"
Quick service!
"Date of experience: April 13, 2023"
Having an easy and thorough process for applying and uploading the necessary documents to their website is a very nice feature! Much appreciated on my side!
Never sent card. Customer service is a joke. Do yourself a favor and see a loan shark before trying this company. At least the loan shark is an honest criminal these guys are a bunch of a holes. Unhelpful unreliable unrepentant.
Well the approval was fast and I get my money in my bank account in two days
The online services not having to go in a office
The customer service person was very helpful and polite on the phone. After gathering the necessary documents the process went very smoothly
It was seamless and very professional. No surprises or tacking on hidden fees...so far so good. I will and would recommend Affirm to anyone.
Very very easy to deal with
"I had Avant before and I never had any issues. I canceled it because i want to keep paying the yearly fee, but i got them again as they now offer a card with $0 yearly fee which is awesome for me that i am building credit."
My application was explain clearly and throughout the progress
Very easy process to get a loan. Excellent customer service.
"This card is a great, low fee option to rebuild credit. I’ve enjoyed a few credit line increases, one I requested the other was automatic and I’ve had no issues so far. Recommend."
The process from application to receiving funds was very smooth and the representatives communicated very well with next steps and providing me with information and assistance. I am very grateful for your company.
"Date of experience: April 11, 2023"
Quick easy service money was in my account in 24 hours
The service was outstanding in this day that we live in it’s very difficult to find good people keep up the good training!!
"The way to handle, knowledge, useful, friendly"
"on disability and get paid once a month at beginning of month started a new account with only 300 in it and a annual fee.. was told no payment would be due till May but received a statement saying the annual fee was due up front in full and not installments and it put me over limit I called customer service and asked if they could waive the fee this month and let it go on next months bill was told no so canceled card.
UPDATE: Called number from response NOTHING was done credit report took 8 point hit because of a 300 dollar card and poor customer service communication."
I was instantly approved. Received my card within a week. Was able to use right away. No problems with using it. Works everywhere I've needed it.
Unlike my other credit cards you have a lower annual fee and one time annual fee
Quick and easy application & money received the next day __
"They are fast, friendly, and helpful. This is my 2nd loan and they are great!"
"I feel this is a great card for me, due to cancer my credit was as ugly as cancer, but cancer free I am able to step up and take care of my financial responsibilities, I’m now at almost 650 and getting married in September. So thank you for trusting me"
"Just a great card that does what is supposed to, great instant fraud warnings as well."
"Amazing experience with avant, would recommend to anyone!!"
"Very simple and EASY! The number one thing that impressed me was when they said “approved,” they meant it! Unlike many other companies."
"Date of experience: April 13, 2023"
They helped when I was in a bind. It was easy and fast. I am working on fixing my credit and I was approved.
"Date of experience: April 11, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 17, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 17, 2023"
Great to deal with am happy thanks __ Archie Myers
"In May of 2022, not that long ago, they granted me $1,500 in credit. A few months later, in October, woke up, and discovered they had chopped my line in half to $750. Shot my utilization up, lowered my credit score almost immediately. Paying it off and losing these clowns."
The small loan and process was very easy. Thanks to AVANT I’m able take care of my personal matter.
I felt honesty and respect about reviewing my credit.
Money was sent out quickly. Not a lot of guidance for payment
People who contacted me with questions were all so very helpful and pleasant. This has been a seamless experience.
"Date of experience: April 12, 2023"
"Very easy to apply, fast response, and the app is super easy"
Card works as I should
Great service! Very professional and quick to respond to any questions.
Thank you guys for being me the opportunity to get a loan from you guys help me a lot
I love the card and love how you update each transaction.
"Well, I have been trying to get my credit back to what it should be, I took the word of someone who I thought would be telling me the truth about my credit so I needed help and that's what I got with Avant. Some cards that I have trusted with doing this, well let's just say that I have been made aware.
They posted payments immediately where a couple that I have cut up was waiting until the end of the month. I don't have time for that not when you are trying to rebuild your credit... SO GET AN AVANT CREDIT CARD TO REBUILD YOUR CREDIT AND YOUR SCORE RISE."
Happy to be part of avant a good credit card with good purchase Cashback apr
"Date of experience: April 16, 2023"
Giving your customers a opportunity to improve there life style and credit
well how many times do i have go to get pin number i called three time so far so banks let you key it on your phone pad i called twice in much and once in april
You’re efficient I was able to give you the information you had to pause it quickly. No complaints at this point.
"Simple process, customer friendly, no long wait time"
Online application was easy to fill out with instant approval.
"The company is doing well and my experience in finding a financial institution that will give a fair opportunity to people who need to get their credit up, was successful when I opened a credit account with Avant."
"Date of experience: April 16, 2023"
Avant- always very helpful on my financial needs. Always there for me during emergencies.
"Received my card quickly, the app works well, so far great experience."
Great customer service. Timely manner was excellent.
"Date of experience: April 15, 2023"
Everything seems be alright at this time.
Efficient. Proactive. Straightforward. On time.
everything has been good with the card so far no problems or declined transaction.
"Love it, they take care of their clients very well!"
I cannot make an online account to view an pay.my phone Mark's it as spam and will not let me access anything
Very Easy Convenient Process for my Application No Hassle
"Date of experience: March 08, 2023"
Easy process.
"No fuss application. Hassle free processing. Fast delivery not even bother to call me, funds available 1-day earlier than promised. Thank you great job!"
"Date of experience: April 11, 2023"
"Good customer agent,answer my call on time and resolve any issue,getting the money was quick"
Great card to have. You get increases long as you pay your card on time..
I have had a great experience from start to finish with applying and receiving my card
Avant- gave me a credit of three thousand dollars thank you for giving me a chance with my low credit score
The process was very simple and fast. I didn’t think I would get a loan due my credit score but I am trying to rebuild my credit so hopefully this will have with paying my credit off.
"I am new with Avant but I am really thankful they are giving me the. Opportunity to go back on my feet and support my new situation.
Thank you"
Had no problems with using the card for my purchases.
"Date of experience: April 14, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 11, 2023"
"Quick to decision, simple to navigate."
Very pleased with the friendly user website
No annual fee. Decent starting limit
"Date of experience: April 14, 2023"
The process was very easy and the customer service was off the chain. They was fast and efficient on making sure I got the loan I needed. You can't go wrong with this institution. Great job
they made it very easy to use my card and its nice to know i have it when i need it.
very fast and easy process. extremely happy so far.
"Fast,easy, reliable love you guys thank you for giving me the opportunity to better myself."
I’m relieved to have someone back me up with surprise expenses!
"Date of experience: April 07, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 03, 2023"
The experience was very easy. I completed the questions and waited for my approval. Nothing else.
"Able to assist with Reminders of payments that are due. Checked to see if I'm able to apply for a depth consolidated Loan. And with great results, approval was made. Easy to apply due to keeping my account current."
My family and I are very thankful for your service and support and look forward to working together to ensure our partnership continues. Thank you
I have used Avant before and was happy with that experience so when I needed a loan they were the first i thought of.
Thank ypu for your credit system... help build credit!!!
When I called in to have my bill explained to me the agen kept putting me on hold so I ask to speak to a manager she said I will get you a supervisor I said no I want a manager she hung up on me and didn’t call me back so I called back the guy that answered was very helpful after I explained what I wanted and what she had done he answered my questions and solved my problems I was very satisfied.
"My husband and I have been working with a representative for two days. I have never been so aggravated trying to get our application processed. We sent paperwork for three hours. She would get one and not get another one. We would send it again. We are very close to forgetting this.
And she doesn’t speak good English so it’s hard to understand her
This has been a very bad experience with Avant"
How is the whole process was and how quick the money was deposited
"quick and easy. only issue was it had said I was denied, then the money was I my account. weird but good"
So easy and so fast !! Such a great deal as well
User friendly and easy to use service was exceptional fast and efficient. Very rapid response time.
"Easy, quick, and dependable! Thank you for the same day transaction."
I think that it was very easy to apply for the card and the customer service is outstanding.
"Date of experience: April 07, 2023"
I am working on rebuilding my credit. Avant has given me the opportunity to do so.
Other than approving me for the loan I needed they were helpful every step of the way.
"Date of experience: April 09, 2023"
"made it possible for me to get my card repaired, pay for my grandson's graduation cap and gown, and pay for my meds."
I was extremely pleased with the rapid funding for my loan plus I wanted a loan for 12 months and got it. Great customer service and easy loan application.
"Fast and easy !
It was amazing !"
"Date of experience: April 11, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 07, 2023"
Just giving a chance to people who hit harm times in the past.
The process of applying for the card and receiving the card was super easy. It arrived extremely fast. I haven’t used it yet to give further details. But I will give details the moment I have interaction with the card
"Date of experience: April 12, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 05, 2023"
Great company!!! They approve me a 1000 limit credit and they report to the Crédit Bureaus every month to increase my score. I highly recommend Avant credit card.
"I applied in the afternoon no less and the next morning the funds were available. Incredibly convenient, and applying was simple as well. Great work!"
"Date of experience: April 12, 2023"
"Great so far, still need time review"
"You guy's take care of your customers for sure, you guy's are real keep doing the good work, am very happy with your responses in short times, God Bless you All."
"Just want to thank Avant!

I was in a difficult financial place, and Avant lending helped me out a lot. Approval process was seamless and next day, the money went into my account. Thank you Avant for lending to me, and trusting me!"
"Date of experience: April 05, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 11, 2023"
Shaddy practices paid statement online as soon as it came out and they put it towards last statement and charged me late fee after I already paid they moved my payment to the previous statement so they can charge me late fee shady and unprofessional
"Date of experience: April 11, 2023"
I am a new customer it was easy to apply and get approved
"Date of experience: April 03, 2023"
I gave 5 stars because it was an easy process of paying my 1st loan off and I applied for another loan and it was just as simple. My loan was in my account overnight. I had told my son about Avant 2 years ago and his loan is pd off too. __
Ease of the application process. This is my second loan with Avant.__
"Professional in every sense. Everything they said they would do, they did. Class act."
"The speed and efficiency in getting approved for loan, document signing, and the availability of funds."
Easy and fast approval. Reasonable payments to start a month later.
"Yes, I felt so happy to do business with your company, an awesome iper cent interest . THANKS"
The process was easy with just the click of a few buttons and answering a few questions. I had to verify who I was and my card was in the mail.
The professionalism and the customer care was excellent.
"Date of experience: April 03, 2023"
"I try just to see if I could get the loan I was approved right away! I almost finished paying it off, I had a family emergency the give me what I needed.I am so appreciate them.they are a very good company I will recommend them to anyone that needs financial help."
"Date of experience: April 05, 2023"
They made my experience very easy and convenient. Would recommend them to others.
"Have enjoyed the use of the card but have not been able to access my statements. Just not sure how to get them.

Have finally got the statement. Took a few days longer than I thought it would.

Thanks"
"It was simple , fast and convenient ."
"As of now, this has been a great company to work with and easy to use website."
Very simple and fast! I carry there credit ca4d also they have always been amazing to work with.
"Date of experience: April 03, 2023"
"Date of experience: April 10, 2023"
Fast and easy online application.
Gratitude is the word that best describes my experience with this lender. Customer Service was impeccable. Funding 24 hours. Relief from life’s obstacles priceless.
You want a batman cookie?. You rap people on interest. But you wont post this... you are just doing your job. Go pump sand.
"Great, thank you for my credit card!"
Very easy application process and quick turnaround for acceptance.
It was so easy. And Bam it only 20 min to get approved and received the money in my account in 2 days. Now all my credit cards are paid off
"Date of experience: April 05, 2023"
Fast and very professional response timing!
Everything they supposed to be doing
It was all very easy and clear. Customer service was very helpful over the phone and was ready for my call.
"To apply was easy,fast and simple."
"Excellent, courteous service on processing of my loan. Good loan rates and fee."
Professional and expedient. Great experience
I have had the most seamless experience with using and having access to this account. It is a great place to start rebuilding creditworthiness!
It was a smooth respectful process. With clear directives and disclosure.
Easy application and fast response
"Date of experience: March 30, 2023"
"Out of about 10 credit cards and store cards this card it by far the WORST! If I could leave zero stars I would, let's star with costumer service, it is the absolute worst they refuse to make sense out of anything they do and refuse to make it right and will literally laugh on the phone. I had available credit that was disappearing without any transactions showing or pending. There payment cut off time is absolutely ridiculous and they will not except payments on the due date they will make you pay the next day just so they can charge a late fee. This is by far the worst card that I have ever had, the WORST company I have ever had to deal with! RUN"
"Worst Customer Service , & the supervisors don’t make it any better. They don’t care how loyal your are to the company they don’t help at all with any late fees"
It’s was quick and easy very user friendly
"Date of experience: April 04, 2023"
"Customer service is excellent. When I applied for the Avant Card, I was surprised at how easy the process was and how quickly, in less than sixty seconds, I received my approval. Thank you AVANT for a chance to start over."
"When I call for any reason your employees are very informative!
Stella vasquez"
"Since I have been with Avant, everything I have asked for Avant has always help me achieve it. Thank you Avant, you are a great company.

Allenania Rouse"
"Date of experience: April 03, 2023"
Great experience and ease of use thank you
Easy to use your app
"This was the most simplest, fastest loan I have ever applied for and received."
"Date of experience: April 01, 2023"
"Excellent service, quick and easy!"
"I am leaving a 5-star rating because this was truly as easy and seamless an experience as one could ask for. Also, the deposit hit my account in ~48 hours."
Fast and easy. Right on time didn't have to call
"Date of experience: March 30, 2023"
"I would recommend Avant to anyone looking for a loan.
I applied and had the funds within 2 days. The paperwork is easy to navigate. Customer service is always there to help. This is my third loan I've had with them. And if I ever need another, I will go thru them. Give them a chance you won't be sorry."
Easy to apply. Approval was fast
"Date of experience: April 05, 2023"
"This was the simplest process I’ve ever experienced. Very prompt. Quick turnaround. Best banking experience I have ever had. Hands down !! Actually, it was an amazingly easy. Unreal !!"
Quick and Professional
I saw your ad on Kredit Carma and clicked on your link filled out info and sent my tax returns bank info and was approved in like 3 hours just an amazing experience
I was having issues sending information in regards to refinancing my loan. Gave me help and options to send info to quicken the process.
"Easy process, great customer service!"
"This credit comes to me at a real good time, Thanks!"
This company are scammers. On March 30 I made a payment for my April account. These scammers still went into my account to take a payment that was already paid. I gave them a call to refund my money back. They sent me a email saying my refund is not approved and didn’t give no reason as to why they refusing to give my money back. Anyone that wants to do business with these crooks please do your due diligence and research for something better. They don’t care because if they did they would of gave me my money or a explanation why. I will never do business with these people again.
Very fast!! Was easy and efficient and had money in my account in 2 days!
Nice to have company you can trust and there no surprises
Easy to apply for. Great to Have.
So far great company to work with. I'm building my credit score. And learning to use credit cards in the right way. Thank you.
I was thankful that they gave me chance the card is great
"Date of experience: April 03, 2023"
This is the easiest loan process I've experienced. I would recommend this company to anyone.
"The agent I talked with was informative, professional, and polite."
I think that it is awesome after I was approved I received my money fast thank you
"Even with the credit card, it was fast easy online, now you offered me a loan, it was approved for the amount I requested fast and easy on the website."
Applying with AVANT was very easy with a very simple application process and quick response time. I would certainly recommend using the them for any reason.
"Disasters experience, here I will speak the good and the bad , Initially applied got approved (quick and easy application) Initial credit limit at start was 1K, 2-3 months in of using them they lower my credit limit to $750 without a reason , I didn't complain just kept using it , 2 month further in they they raised me to back to 1k with no notice , after 7-8 months of being with Avant and never missing a payment , I Decided to ask them for a raise and they declined me and the reason they gave was ""Recent limit changes"" which is quite pathetic. After this point I called Avant customer service i paid my balance in full and requested my account to be closed (here comes the funny part) they Accept my payment in (Full) and after they Cleared the payment , they then proceed to ask me what's the reason I'm closing the account and after I gave them the reason they didn't even make an attempt to waive my annual fee for me to stay, which I wasn't going to but this speaks highly of this company Further more they overcharged me in the process of closing my account and now i must wait 2-3 weeks for their mistake . This company served me as a gateway for a better card American Express last time you will ever hear from me."
"Date of experience: March 29, 2023"
Everything I've done with Advant just has been so east and quick. My credit card with them my perosnal loan with them. Easy to pay my payments on the app.
Thank you for considering a loan and you sent it on time to pay my high interest bearing credit cards which helped me
The whole process has been quick and simple.
"The application was painless and the response was quick. Each transaction with my card has also been quick. My website account is very accessible and easy to navigate. To date, the Avant card is everything I needed."
"Impressive!!! Quick and easy. Money deposited on my account sooner than
expected."
This was far and away a simple process. I appreciate the attention I was given. I would recommend this company a hundred times over.
Website is very easy to use. Response is quick. Would definitely recommend.
"Date of experience: April 01, 2023"
"Very quick service, loved it"
"Great finance company, they don’t waste time, you got your answer as quick as possible within 3 days you’re ready to go."
Love the xard
Quickly approved my application and sent my funds immediately
Quick and easy to apply! Their customer service was great for when a quick question was needed to be answered! The approval process was quick as well. Thank you for your service.
"Great experience,they did everything that was promised."
"Extremely fast, secure and easy process obtaining a debt consolidation loan. No hassle!"
The experiences was awesome. The process was so easy fast. Had the money in 48 hours.
They helped me pay off a purchase that otherwise would have cost me more money in the long run
"Date of experience: March 26, 2023"
Simple and straightforward process. Loan amount paid as soon as I was approved.
"5 stars. My experience was quick, my questions were all answered, and I felt it went very smoothly: thank you for a 5 star experience."
"I was kept informed the whole time, I didnt realize it because it was all going to my spam, but there was significant follow up, and it was simple and the directions were very user friendly the whole time I was applying, money was depsited quickly as well"
"Date of experience: March 27, 2023"
Quick and painless process. Got money in 2 days. Thanks.
I got my results immediately and within 2 days the money was deposited into my account. I did electronically contact the company the very next day and they assured me immediately that I was approved and that the money would be there the next day.
The process was extremely easy and efficient.
"Thank you, Avant, for allowing me to rebuild my credit with your credit card account and personal loan account. I have worked hard over the last 3 years to reestablish my credit and you have been a big part of my success. Thank you for offering me great rates as I rebuild my credit."
The approval was quick and easy. I put my information and got the results in minutes.
"Date of experience: March 15, 2023"
I am happy and grateful that Avant issued me a credit card to rebuild my credit score.
Was quick and easy. Heard back that I was approved the same day and got my money really quickly!
Everything went smooth
"Love this company, no issues with Avant and received a credit limit increase after a few months with on time payments!"
"Ease of application, approval process and access to funding."
I really appreciate your credit thank you so much Charles Paramore Jr.
It was very easy and quick in the process of my application.
"Quick, response with clear explanation of options."
The process was very quick and simple and a deposit was in my account the next day!
"It only took 10 minutes for the approval. I received the amount I needed by the next day. I have done business with Avant previously, so maybe that had something to do with the quick response."
"Easy, convenient and reliable"
Great experience. Quick Easy. Helped me and the family when we needed it most.
"Date of experience: March 20, 2023"
"N/A

Very professional"
"How fast I got my funds on my bank.
Was quick and easy to apply for the loan."
Every part went smoothly and communicating was good.
"I called to clarify that I was the one willingly initiated a transaction Avant flagged and I was informed that it will take up to 3 days to release the hold and for me to use my card again.

This should be something that needs to be resolved with one phone call from me. It's very disappointing to run into such an issue."
I had a loan thru Avant approx 4-5 years ago and was impressed with company overall. From the time of application process to being approved was very fast. Customer service is wonderful to speak with.
It was clear from the start that I was the most important person in the process.
"Date of experience: March 29, 2023"
Trying to rebuild my credit. I applied and was thankful I was approved. Starting out with 300.00. Thankful they say will increase credit limit with a timely and continuous payment.
"The process was quick, simple and unintrusive. The money was deposited into my account the very next day."
"Overall great experience. Everything is listed out in a way that easy to understand. From the amount of payments, interest, and total due. My new loan only took less than 3 days to process and the money was in my bank account 24 hours after that."
"You made this transition very easy for me, without a lot of obstacles and that was very much appreciated. I would definitely recommend Avant to family and friends"
"Date of experience: March 29, 2023"
I applied for a loan several years ago and was approved- I applied again and was denied. I thought being a customer and having good payment history with you would able me to get another loan- i than had to use another company to apply for the loan.
The system was easy to navigate and the customer service was excellent.
I'm very surprised at how quickly and easily things went. All the info as to costs was upfront. Very good experience
Good credit card ..Easy to use and customer service is very good..
"This company cares about people very upfront, and so very positive with their customers"
"Your representative that I spoke to was he’d to understand and talked to fast. Hard for senior citizens.
Thankfully I had help."
"Horrible banking, I've never been late for a payment. My rent increased and I tried four times for a lower APR. I've been denied all four times. I've had AVANT since 2017 again I've never been late with any payments. I guess it would be easier to default on the loan because they really don't try to help people. I would never recommend. Stay away go to a credit union if you can."
Avant was easy to apply for a loan and a quick response rates are very fare depending on your credit score I'm so happy and pleased I picked Avant .
"Very easy to use, also they gave me a loan when others would not. with very easy to make monthly payments."
"Fast and easy service. Using online banking app is great, I've had avant credit for a couple of years without any problems."
"Not bad at all, on smaller payments they reflect quicker within the hour"
"Very satisfied, the application was easy and money was available the very next day."
"My experience was a great one! The process was quick and helpful., I got an answer in seconds."
The application process was easy. Uploading the supporting documentation was easy. The recommendation from Credit Karma was legit. I appreciate your support. I’m hoping to pay this off early and keep my credit score going up and up! Thanks again!
"Date of experience: March 28, 2023"
"Date of experience: March 21, 2023"
I liked how fast n easy. My loan application went threw.
"Fast service,and very helpful & patience with questions I had trouble with."
"Date of experience: March 17, 2023"
Super easy! Super fair! I’m grateful !
"Called to get a letter of current balance to apply for a mortgage loan. My mortgage lender stated I just needed to make a small payment to the acct., not pay to $0. Fun fact about AVANT the will refuse to send the letter unless it’s paid down to $0. The minute I pay this to $0 I am canceling this card! That is ridiculous to not be able to obtain that all other credit cards provide that with no issue. I kept my composure the entire call and stated how I felt that was not professional and not being handled properly and was told “ I will not continue this call with your negative feed back”"
"Date of experience: March 27, 2023"
I’m still new with your credit card. So far I’ve had no issues. Give me a few months and I’ll leave another review.
"Date of experience: March 24, 2023"
very up front and work with you thank you for all you do very good Experience with you so far thank you again
Easy to get the loan I needed and very fast funding
Everything was quick and easy no hidden fees
Finding Avant online was one of the better things I’ve done in a while. The website was easy to navigate and complete.
I was able to book my flight very easily.
I had a very easy process with applying for the Avant Card and customer service was great.
Timely response and disbursement of funds.
Touch less pay and fast acceptance. Thank you!
"This card is amazing, I started out with a $500 limit within one year I'm at $2000
Very happy with this card"
"Straightfoward application process, timely review and response and help when I needed it. The interests rates are high."
"I appreciated the quick process from my application to receiving my Avant card. Sorry I haven’t used it much yet but do plan to.
Thank you!
Veronica Fuentes"
"Very easy to deal with.
Fast deposit..
Great staff..
A+"
It is a fast transaction. Highly recommend it to my friends.
thanks avant you guys are very fast and easy work we you...
"Date of experience: March 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: March 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: March 03, 2023"
It was so easy and pretty fast to receive the money. Total lifesaver! Thank you so much!
Avant made applying for a loan easy. Approval was fast. Would definitely use them again and recommend them to anyone.
"Date of experience: March 24, 2023"
"This is my second experience and both have been great! From start, to finish. Such an easy process and fast processing."
Used the Avant card on international travels and had no problems. Also the “touch” pay feature was very useful in countries that look at you weird if you want to insert your card into a POS machine.
"The amount of loan, monthly payments, and speed in which I received the cash."
"I would have given a full 5 stars, but the process for approving my loan took much longer than it should have in my opinion, mainly caused by repetitious steps and a bit of a language barrier! I was asked the same set of questions, and answered the same set of questions three different times over about a week long period! And after each set of questions I was asked, I was led to believe that my funds would be deposited into my bank account either later that day, or by the next day. It happened 3 different times and I was told to expect funds at least by the next day, three different times! It was like starting over each time I called, checking to see what the holdup was? The customer service team was very pleasant, but there was unnecessary aggravation there as well, due to very thick accents from an off-shore customer service team! As I said before, they were very nice, but they are trained to repeat literally every word that a customer says to them, after each sentence. It’s so annoying and makes communication take twice as long, which is an unnecessary waste of time & causes much aggravation! I actually started thinking that they had lost my original loan application or something because I had to verbally reapply every time I called. I almost canceled and went with another bank because of this, but the last time I called , they assured me that I’d be receiving funds by the next morning, which I did, so no harm done. However there was definitely more aggravation than there had to be. I received a fair rate (for 2023) on my unsecured bill consolidation loan considering the interest rates and market conditions of today! Which is of course insanely high, but it is what it is in 2023."
"Date of experience: March 23, 2023"
"Funds were fast, simple, customer service great"
"Easy to apply and getting funds was fast, allowing me to pay off high interest credit cards."
"Date of experience: March 10, 2023"
I try to paid for my nails that was a total amount off $100.00 and it was declined
easy activation and use
"Very easy and fast process. They came through when others didn’t and with lower rates, better payment options. Great experience and will definitely use them again."
Avant listen to my needs to change my bank account. After a few emails & verification on their part It was done & I appreciated the promptness of Avant.
"I was hesitant at first, and honestly didn’t believe it would work. Especially not as quick! I received my loan the very next day."
"Amazing, fast ,friendly service"
It's was fast and easy to get the money I need.
So easy to deal with!!! The app makes keeping up with your account seamless!
"I have no comment at this time, because what I have done with my credit card know problem. I used my card on very days and time. All within March 2023."
Excellent service and easy to do business
Every thing was quick and very clear to understand. I am so happy how easy it was to obtain the loan. The money was delivered the next day. Great service. Thank you. I will recommend your services to friends and family.
It was fast and easy to get the help we needed when we needed it!
Easy to get there card to help build my credit. What I don't like is after you pay your bill and your bank pays them you have to wait yet 10 days for your account to show the payment so you have full access to your credit limit. No other card I have does this. As soon as payment is received card shows it and full credit is available right away.
"Date of experience: March 11, 2023"
How easy the process is in a stressful time.
Avant card is a stellar credit card. Thank you so much. I appreciate the credit line increase.
Avant help me and my family in time of our need. My daughter is getting married and covid left me with a disability and I had to stop working because of my disability spinal cord injury. Me and my family want to thank Avant for their help .
They were one of the few loan companies to approve me for a personal loan that I needed at the time. Really helped me get through a lot. I appreciate their help greatly and quick service!
"Poor customer service , scam company , they not follow there are policy"
Great customer service and easy to use their app when to pay!
"Date of experience: March 15, 2023"
Funds was approved so fast. I was surprised.
"This company is the worst. I had a deposit account with them, which no longer exists. When the bank closed so did my checking account. Prior to the bank closing, I reported a charge to my account that was over a thousand dollars that were not made by me. The bank investigated and closed the case stating they thought I made the charge. I contact the establishment this charge was made and they agreed that since the charge was clearly not made by me that they would like to return the money but would have needed to return it to the account that was used, which was this now closed account. A week later I received an email from Avant stating that they received the money and would be sending me a check in the mail. This was 3 months ago. I call weekly and am told that they don't have a partnership with some other bank and cant send me a check until they have one. I can't believe this! After never even investigating charges I dispute, they are now holding my money. Is this even legal? I am having a hard time paying for my insulin and this bank has over a thousand dollars of my money. How is this possible?"
"I have not been able to log into my account. Tried password reset, I’ve tried calling the customer service number 5 times just to have them pick up and hang up on me. If there is someone actually reading this. Please contact me before I contact the better business bureau for further assistance."
"everything went so smooth the paperwork the signing and everything all the information getting to you guys and stuff like that the communication was great. You guys told me what I needed to do and I did it and really appreciate all the help and I want to make sure that, everybody knows that if they need help serious help, Avant is a good place to come"
"Date of experience: March 13, 2023"
Need to know when my payments are due and can't get any response.
"One of the worse cards I've ever had. Then after I pay it in full (over $1700) and close the account they add on an additional fee (almost a week later) that they refuse to remove even though my card is closed. I've had other cards do that before, but a simple phone call and they realize the problem and remove it. Not this company! So beware even if you pay off your account and close it they will find a way to still charge you for another month."
Good and honest credit company. Generous with limits and cli
"Date of experience: March 09, 2023"
Very easy to apply. Quick response. The app is easy to use as well
"Date of experience: March 01, 2023"
"It was very easy to apply, credit karma referred and the process was simple."
"Date of experience: March 10, 2023"
"I have had this credit card for a year, great one to have"
"BEWARE! Applied through CREDIT KARMA and was approved for a $2000.00 credit limit on Feb 22, 2023. (Added this date because my 'date if experience' keeps changing on this review) After they got my verified phone number and all of my PERSONAL INFORMATION, I could not get them to send me my verification code to complete my application through email. I got a voice mail from them once and STILL cannot get them to send me a code to finish my application. I got a conformation email from them for applying so I know they have the right email. VERY SUSPICIOUS! Be careful."
"They lie. They tell you that you are eligible and then go and say you're not. For me, they had the wrong credit score. Totally different from the one that TransUnion was showing. I would not do business with them if I were you."
Great Experience!! Website worked perfect!
"Shut my account down for no reason, representative was very rude and condescending."
"I had the AVANT card. They ""made a mistake"" (they later said) and halved my credit limit so I closed my account. The next month I sent them the entire balance owed. The next month I get a bill for $3.63 for interest on the balance because they do daily balance to charge interest and there was 11 days between the beginning of the new cycle and when they received payment. They refused to wave it and I told them that was petty after sending them almost $400 the previous month and that I refuse to pay. The next month they send me a bill for the interest and then a late fee. I just started getting back to fair credit again after a similar fight with BLAZE (which I reviewed here) and they're trashing my score over $7. This company is petty and charges interest even after the account is closed. They could have waved the interest and; thus, not charge me a late fee but they want to ruin people over chump change."
"Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to make things happen, you will be paid back in full very appreciated."
"Date of experience: March 03, 2023"
I was truly blessed to be given a large credit line... I am rebuilding my credit and this meant alot to me.
Horrible company with little to no business ethics. Predatory.
"Date of experience: March 01, 2023"
Not to many questions and documents. Awesome.
"The process was fast and easy ,funds received within 5 days"
"They offered me a loan with a very good rate and good payment terms. They processed my loan application promptly and efficiently. Once approved, they transferred the fund to my account in a few days, which was very helpful. Everything was done on line, very convenient. I do recommend Avant."
It was all done online super convenient and easy.
"Date of experience: March 01, 2023"
"This is the 3rd time I've used Avant and the process is very easy to navigate with a short time for turn around. When we wanted to consolidate our debt, we didn't think of anyone else."
Fast and easy! Next day the money was in my account.
"Date of experience: February 22, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 24, 2023"
"Avant made my loan happen quickly and easy, they are truly a professional team. U will be using them again in the future."
"The online loan process was easy to complete, efficient, and the response was quick! Thank you!!"
"Date of experience: February 28, 2023"
The process was so simple and the quick decision was awesome
"I was very pleased with customer service, of their expertise, people skills, friendliness, being patient with me."
Very helpful. Spotted fraud immediately and took care of the situation.
"Was very fast, I appreciate your attention."
"Super quick, efficient and easy!"
"Avant, was easy to deal with and their interest rates and fees were reasonable."
Avant trusted me with a card as I began building my credit...and already gave me a rise in my credit limit! (due to the regular repayments I have making!)
"The agent was helpful and informative about the loan process. So, I’m thankful that I was approved after my application."
Most easily to apply and to get the funds.
"Great Experience, It Made Easy It To Navigate Through Application.. Fast And Unexpected Response Time.."
Super easy process and quick decision. Did not have to go anywhere to get this loan. 10/10 highly recommended!
I just recently opened this card and I have a $300 limit with over $100 left and available credit. I tried to use my card today for a total of $91 and it said I didn't have enough credit. I know I clearly have enough credit for this transaction or I would not have tried it.
"Date of experience: February 22, 2023"
My experience with Avant loan application was painless and fast.
I used my card for about 59.00 then I tried to use it again it declined__ I don't have time for that embarrassing mess
"Date of experience: February 26, 2023"
"They are very quick in approving loans!
Nice, easy and fast!"
"The application process was so simple and easy, thanks!"
"Reasonable, affordable, no issues"
Someone put a wrong account number and now this has cause overdraft on my bank account. I need a call back.. really bad customer service
My experience has been very nice always never had a problem always willing to help
"Date of experience: February 20, 2023"
Very easy application and quick response.
I was very pleased with the easy application process and their fast approval! Their customer service provided me with excellent service when I contacted them. I’m looking forward to an excellent long-term relationship with AVANT!
"Fast funding, easy process, and good rates."
"Date of experience: February 25, 2023"
"First time I used card it was declined. What an embarrassment. Never had that problem with any of my other cards. I had to submit identification and utility bill. Shouldn’t that have been asked for initially instead of blocking the card without me knowing? It’s was
Finally unblocked. Bad experience."
"My experience with Avant when I applied in personal loan. I tried only if I will be approved. I applied last 02/18/23, on the same day I was approved after completing all the requirements. I received an email that I was approved. I was so thankful that me and my husband can take our vacation. Thank you Avant for making our dreams come true."
"Date of experience: February 25, 2023"
I was impressed with the ease of the application. The approval process was very smooth and efficient. The step by step instructions were easy to follow and made completing the application very easy. I would recommend Avant to my friends and colleagues.
I like the timely response and the overall approach easy to apply and I would be interested in a personal loan in the future
"Date of experience: February 24, 2023"
"I applied for loan and was notified with in 10 min that I got the loan .That was on Friday after noon.By Tuesday the money was in my account . I personally thought the people that I spoke with about loan we""re great answered all my questions and polite .Thank you Avant I wil refer you to any one with no regret.I will be using Avant in the future should the need present itself......"
Avant helped consolidate my bills and pay off some loans with higher interest rates. It was also nice that they offer to refinance at a lower rate once you've paid your loan down. It's easy. Avant has been an easy process
"Date of experience: February 24, 2023"
The customer service was horrible! All I needed was a new card sent out because I never received the previous one and I kept being placed on hold and was transferred to a new representative more than once who would then ask me the same questions before my call was disconnected when I was being transferred again. They also gave me a hard time about requesting a new card because it had been 27 days since they sent out a previous card and not 30 and said that I could possibly still receive the card. I told them NO! Just send me a new card! It took 6 people to finally get a new card sent out to me! RIDICULOUS!
"Amazing, within minutes I was approved for the loan designed for me with reasonable payment plan that fit my budget. They made it so easy to understand and peace of mind knowing they would help me every step of the way through the process."
"This company is an absolute joke. False advertising at its finest and probably the worst customer service I’ve ever experienced. I’m not sure why every worker barely speaks any English and literally reads off the exact same script word for word instead of giving an actual educated answer or doing SOMETHING to help the customer. “Qualify same day and get financed within 1-3 business days”. It’s been 5 and my application has still not been processed despite contacting over FIVE customer service Agents. Each reading some scripted response instead of actually doing their job. Was told repeatedly “we don’t need anything further” “your application is still being looked over”- yet getting daily emails asking for the SAME documents to be sent over and over again. Not only does this company lie and advertise falsely- they’re full of incompetent employees as well. You’d think I was trying to get the money from each representatives pay check the way they’ve basically have refused to help. I have never witness such a dysfunctional loan company! Wouldn’t recommend using them if they were the only people that ever qualified you. HORRIBLE experience and still ongoing, still without reason, still without talking to someone with a brain, and STILL have yet to have a manager call me."
"The process was friendly, instructional, and streamlined. It was great."
"The process of refinancing was super easy and convenient because they kept my information of file, and my only complaint is the high interest rate. To be expected of a private loan company outside of your bank."
"It was an easy process. Sometimes it can be intimidating to hit that accept button, but it was nice to see it came through to help me pay down another balance where I was paying too much money."
Your speed of reviewing and funding were very good.
Approved right away and money in my account within 24 hours. So convenient and helpful!!!
Very easy process and received the loan very quickly. 2nd time lending with Avant. I'm very pleased.
"The application process was simple, streamlined, and quick. However, one tiny glitch at the end of the process necessitated me calling customer service. Simone was exceptionally helpful, courteous, and very efficient; an absolute pleasure to work with. She quickly checked the status of my application and assured me it was properly submitted. In fact, before we ended the conversation, she informed me the loan had been approved and the information verified. Fantastic work!"
Easy process. Skeptical at first. Customer service very helpful. Keep up the good work.!! Thanks so much for the much needed help...
Smooth process.I was able to upload all the papers required for the loan online.Had the money in my account the next day!
The customer service was awesome and really helpful
The process was very easy and funded quickly. I appreciate the constant communication to keep me informed.
"Date of experience: February 22, 2023"
Timely requests for things to get the loan moving. Step by step contact. It was great
Information right away and guarantee on the plans was awesome
Avant is a very quick and helpful financial company! As a first time loan they made it very easy to apply and we're very descriptive in their contract. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because I'm still working with Avant and will determine the last star in time.
"Avant has made it easy for me to consolidate my debt and build my credit back up with no problems at all. Avant has treated me better than my local bank and I'm extremely appreciative!!
Thank you Avant!"
Was down on my luck and figured I’d give it a shot. Answered the questions and did what was necessary on my part. Helped out 100%
Quick and easy. Was able to accomplish what I wanted.
"Date of experience: February 22, 2023"
From the start took forever to get email confirmation from them then needed to rest my password and sent 5 request over 4 days and no email called them and they called me but no email to reset they canceled my loan request and then sent me a password reset the next day very terrible costumer service
"It was so easy and accommodating. No stress, no issues, and no problems"
"I needed some extra cash to pay down some debt. Avant made the process very easy and also called me to help me along the way. Great service, I will definitely use them again in the future!"
The process was fast and easy . Just sent in the needed information and boom . My loan was approved .
Avant assisted me in my time of need. I truly can't believe how fast the funding process was. It really surprised me! I am very pleased.
It was easy! Money went straight in to my bank the next day!
The absolute worst customer service experience ever! The customer service representatives are script reading and have absolutely no answers for any issues. The last time I called I was hung up on because I kept asking what the resolution was to the issue and she had NO answers.
"I would give ZERO stars if I could. What is the point of having this card if you can't use it? Every attempted transaction is deemed to be FRAUD, when it's not.

On February 11, I tried to use this card at a place where I am a regular. I was publicly embarrassed to have it declined. So I used another card to pay my tab.

The next day, I tried to use it at an online delivery app. Declined again. I got an email asking me to call to verify that I made the listed charges. I called, spent forever on hold, and the call got cut off. Called again and finally got the issue solved and my card unfrozen. I thought that was the end of it.

Nope. On Monday, February 20, I tried to use it again with the same delivery app. Declined. Tried again at a different retailer to see if maybe the delivery app was the problem, but declined AGAIN. Now they want me to call AGAIN to fix it.

I understand wanting to protect customers from fraud, but this is BEYOND RIDICULOUS. I have to waste hours calling you every time I want to use this card? No. Not gonna happen. Fix the system on your end, don't waste my time making me fix problems that were not my fault. I've been a good customer, always make my payments on time, I don't deserve to be treated like a criminal.

And don't bother with your canned response telling me to call again. The answer is NO. How do I know that this won't be the end of it? You have issues on your end, fix it and maybe I will remain a customer. As it is now, i will pay this thing down and then it's good riddance. You can't treat honest customers this way and expect them to remain customers."
Easy to do business with.
Supper fast.
"Date of experience: February 10, 2023"
So easy to use and great service. Great credit card to have!
"I was able to get a loan lightening fast when I really needed it, with a lower interest rate then initially posted."
Super easy to apply for a refinance. Everything online and took two minutes. Money was deposited within days. This is my second loan and will continue to use in the future.
So far the experience that I have had with Avant has been great. It was a quick and easy process and I would definitely recommend this company to someone else if they needed a personal loan.
So far the experience that I have had with Avant has been great. It was a quick and easy process and I would definitely recommend this company to someone else if they needed a personal loan.
You replied to my review and I called the number and you did NOTHING. FALSE ADVERTISEMENT !! Do not get this card! Poor customer service.
"Date of experience: February 03, 2023"
I had trouble understanding what things were still needed. I think if you are working on a loan or you need some verification just ask for that. Several times I was redoing things I had already submitted only to find out that if I had clicked on a different paragraph and arrow I would have found what was needed. The ladies that called also spoke so fast you could not understand them.
"I have no complaints about my experience with Avant! I was able to re-finance my loan which was extremely easy and lower my monthly payments! My questions have always been answered and when needed, had no problem talking to a ‘live’ person!"
"The professionalism, efficiency, and speed impressed me tremendously. Thank you"
"Unauthorized changes to credit card account
I have had this Avant card for less than a year and without my knowledge or consent, they made the decision to raise the credit limit which 1) had an impact on my credit score and 2) made it appear as if I was shopping for additional credit WHICH I WAS NOT. When I called the company to inquire why I was never notified that the credit limit either was going to be increased or had been increased, the first customer ""service"" representative could only read some scripted answer which did not address the question. Then he transferred me to a RUDE and CONDESCENDING ""supervisor"" who read the same script and hung up on me. I am paying off the $280 I owe these people and never using this card again. They are horrible people to do business with.

Response to AVANT response: You didn't bother to even read the review. The unauthorized CHANGE (not CHARGE - pay attention) was made to the account with notification either before it took place or after. I found out from a credit bureau. Nowhere in my review did I mention fraud. Nowhere. READ THE ACTUAL REVIEW BEFORE RESPONDING."
"Great experience work with Avant. Was very important to me and my credit score.
Thanks to Avant stay there for us."
________love it
"Avant is crap. I've only been able to use my Avant Mastercard on a few rare occasions, either with online merchants or physical stores. Most often the transaction is denied for no apparent reason. Plus, they do not allow using the card with digital wallets. At least they state this in their FAQs, but it's ridiculous nonetheless. I'm closing this account because it is functionally useless because they decline almost everything."
I was surprised how quick I got my loan once it was approved.
How easy and convenient you made the experience the application the decision on whether you were qualified all of it was just fantastic
"Date of experience: February 14, 2023"
"Everything was great and fast, I have had en excellent experience with Avant in the past also, the only thing I would like to state is that my loan was approved the same day I applied for but I was not notified, instead I had to call customer service and check on it"
Very informative and helpful for my situation
Very easy instruction. Simplified the process and very quick to respond.
Love Avant! Great customer service and great way to build credit
"This is my second loan from Avant. It is easy to apply, quick response& fast delivery upon approval."
Avant from the start stayed professional engaged. Kept me informed every step of the process
Process times were great. Any questions I ask were answered in a timely manner
"Date of experience: February 05, 2023"
"This was the easiest loan application to fill out. I started on the 11th of February @ 4am. I was approved by 2:45pm on the same day. The funds were available on the 14th of February, 2023."
"Date of experience: February 18, 2023"
"Very quick and easy process, very quick result, one day funds deposit."
"Date of experience: February 17, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 17, 2023"
"Easy to apply, fast in lending. Great experience. Thanks again
P.K"
Fairly easy. The first loan I got actually approved for.
"Date of experience: February 17, 2023"
I have no words but thank you..I get approved in 5 minutes as long you put your right information my credit was 640 I got approved 8k.thank you again.
Fast and excellent service. It's my second time getting a loan with these guys and both times were great __
Avant acts quickly to give a decision on your application and finalizes the deal smoothly.
"I appreciated the more than expected starting credit limit. My mother lives a good bit away, and if the issue comes up of having to purchase a plane ticket with short notice, there is no concerns now. THANK YOU...."
"Straight forward process, no hidden gimmicks."
"I was surprised to find that my credit score was higher than credit karma said. This made my interest rate so much lower.
I am grateful to have gotten this loan because it allowed me to get out of credit card debt"
"Avant- is a company you can trust!!!! I recommend them for all of your financial needs!!! Their process is so user friendly, which alleviates a lot of stress. Thank you Avant!!!!"
"The process was extremely quick, and the overall turnaround time was phenomenal. I mean it. Excellent. They made me extremely happy. Thanks again."
Very easy to fill out approved and desposit right away
"Easy process , there was a little issue with a supplier that made it take a little extra time to receive the card but no real complaints yet."
"This company has helped me financially, and they have always worked with my situation no mater credit score. Thank you"
No hassle easy registration and seamless usage Also really like the App to check balance and make payments
Kept me notified if any delays etc . Accommodated for inconveniences
you guys are Excellent i put in for a loen with in two business days i got the money so faster i will always do business with you guys
"Easy, fast and reliable"
I was approved for a loan very quickly and the money was deposited sooner than expected which was very much needed!
Very easy to work with and fast response!
I'm truly amazed on how real the 24rs deposits was very happy and a very great help
"Each representative was courteous, knowledgeable, and willing to help."
"The customer service representative was wonderful. She helped me make a payment,verified my information and gave me simple instructions on setting up my account! Thank you for your help"
Easy access and made my application direct and personal . Very helpful and made clear understanding about process.
The application was easy and I received my loan quickly
"Timely, seamless approval and deposit of funds. Great to work with."
"One thing I like about Avant is that only the money which is funded after the Origination Fee is taken out is required to be financed. Also, Avant has pretty fast funding, once approved for a loan, which is important to me."
I try to use the card in 3 different occasions and i was dicline
"Date of experience: February 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2023"
"Put me on hold intentionally putting me past the 5pm deadline. Customer svc. refused to say if they would or would not charge me a fee. Customer service also refused to say if they would or would not damage my credit. They cared very little even if I closed my account in concern for their lack of clarity. Then they couldn't give me a final payoff to close the account. I have never worked with a credit card company that cared so little for their clients or if you even remained a customer. There only Comment was they refused to reopen my account, but I don't want to work with a company that has zero regard for their clients."
I liked my experience with you. Thank you for taking a chance with me and letting me build my credit with you. Thank you
"The company was exceptionally fast in responding (immediate). They are using technology in an efficient manner, which is a great benefit to their customers. I am happy to be one of them!"
Really prompt on approving and delivering product.
Very easy site to navigate. Quick approval and dispersement of funds.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 07, 2023"
It was so easy. Everything was done on line.
"Simply and easy way to get a loan, give them the information they need and they will get right back to you with a answer.. Then get the money deposited to your account next day. I approved..."
"Date of experience: February 12, 2023"
The application process was very fast and efficient. The whole application process took less than 5 mins.
This company took a chance with me..They helped me get my credit score better and today they gave me a credit increase..Thank you Avant for taking the chance on me and helping me establish better credit..
"great service , fast response"
"Customer service is horrid. Requested supervisor, was told nobody was available. Was told a supervisor would call back and never did. Called back and requested the same and it’s been 10 days and still no call back. Will be closing account."
"I was very pleased with the application process. It was easy and approval was instant! They funded earlier than said. Just a wonderful, hassle free experience. I definitely will recommend to friends and families in need."
Easy once the process got started and money was in my account that afternoon
My experience was excellent. I was asked minimal questions and the review time was speedy. The money was deposited on the date stated with no issues. Thank you for excellent service.
Had unexpected repairs come up and needed to get those repairs done asap. And Avant was there to save the day applying was fast and quick approval. Thank you so much
Very quick and easy. I have used Avant twice for emergency funds and both times I received the loan in a timely matter and it was super easy all online.
"Date of experience: February 10, 2023"
Easy online and email ! And very quick...
Absolutely awful. Please stop with the scripted responses learn to talk to people and not like a robot
I had a loan before and it went so smoothly. The same for this one. Only problem I had was not asking for $2000 more.
Very quick turnaround. Excellent overall experience. Process was simple and smooth.
"Had to contact Customer Service to update my address and as always, the Customer Service representative was knowledgeable, professional, polite and patient while I attempted to make some other changes to my account! Wow, this kind of customer service is truly hard to find these days! Kudos to this team!"
"keep billing credit card when I do not even use it and has an annual fee.
Stay away"
I am very pleased with this company. They came through for me just in time!
"Process was simple and funded quickly, all in one week!! Rates are high but when you have average credit what do you I expect!!"
Excellent customer service. Very clear directions and fast / accurate approval and deposit.
Avant- is my favorite card . They always let me know what is going on with my account. Great with increasing
Very easy to navigate. Everything done quick and professionally.
very good service
"Avant stepped up when other financial institutions would not. And, although the interest rate was high, it was not exorbitant unlike other loan offerors. And the process to obtain a loan was straightforward, simple and quick."
everything was quick and easy with Avant. I highly recommend them!
"Date of experience: February 08, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 08, 2023"
They whole process was fast and very trustworthy. I'll definitely use them again. Thank you for your outstanding service.
"Date of experience: January 31, 2023"
Very easy to access on line information and make payments.
"Excellent customer service, my loan was funded in less than 3 days."
The gave me a no hassle credit increase I am really happy I got this card
"Date of experience: January 25, 2023"
"Thank you Avant!

Very efficient, loved the quick response and received my funds as suggested."
The ease and the speed! Great experience!
Received the loan in my account quickly. No loads of documents. Everything done on line.
"The application was very easy, just had to upload a few documents. I got a decision within a few minutes and they deposited the funds in my checking account early the next day. Overall a very good experience, very happy will definitely use them again if I need a personal loan."
Good service and easy to understand with fast approval and funding.
"Although I provided bank statements and paystub and proof of income I was denied a loan because the employee were too incompetent and impatient to properly review all documents provided that was requested of me and that provided all the information they needed, I was told I was denied because they could not verify the very legible and clear documents i provided so that means they can ether not read or didn’t even bother to go thru them and properly verify it.do not apply they want all your info including sensitive information just to deny you saying it wasn’t enough not sure how two different account bank statements and access and two month worth of work paystub is not enough to verify my income it has to be laziness and incompetence I served 8 years in the military and build my credit up just to be treated like ***t from a company that offered me a pre approved loan I didn’t really want at first but though it could help a struggling army vet get his finances squared away, never again stop ur false promise and advertising and wasting people time with ur *hitty ass customers service and very rude and ignorant employees that obviously don’t want to do there job correctly and **** me over and took all my personal information I really didn’t want yea to have just to tell me they can’t read or bother to review my info so I’m denied thank you so much you piece of **** ***hole ass company I hope you go bankrupt"
I was hoping to get a better credit line maybe $500 or $1000.
"This company is crap. Stay away, they take more than your interest back every month after already taking a cut off loan services, my loan Apr was 19% which would have me about 3,360$ however I'm looking to pay them almost 4k over the 3 years. Sucks, but more motivation to pay the sucker off"
"Easy, Fast, secure, got the money fast."
The loan process was very streamline and easy. The interest is high but if you treat it like a short term solution to achieve some goals they were absolute perfect
"Date of experience: January 30, 2023"
The verification and process were very smooth and timely. The company was also very responsive and professional.
"Date of experience: February 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 28, 2023"
"The loan request was easy to get through, the money came early and the payment was something I could afford."
I was happy to get an increase on my credit limit from $750 to $1000.thank you
This was one of the most painless loan applications ever. Also process was vey easy and decision was immediate. Very Happy that I chose Avant.
"Awesome experience I'll recommend this company and their various loans and credit programs
To family and friends
Great customer service communication*****
Perfect resource to Build or Rebuild Credit
Fast approval"
"Easy to work with, truthful always willing to help"
Customer support was to the point and answered all my questions.
"Very fast, efficient service!"
"I applied for my home improvement loan on Sunday morning and had the funds in my account by Tuesday morning! Easy, efficient, professional service. Thank you, Avant!"
Friendly and courteous uptodate on updating status of loan
"This was a very easy process, took about 20 minutes (mostly because I had to get the information required), but the money needed was in my account in 48 hours. Would recommend."
Great resource! Give yourself a chance to be successful. And allow the courage to reach out to a great platform in Avant!
"Very quick, easy and loan was deposited quickly too"
fast and easy. i am amazed.
Filling out the application was fast and easy. The simplest loan process ever.
Quick decision! And thorough.
"I felt absolute confidence from the beginning of the process, I always thought that they would approve my credit at the same time that they would maintain confidentiality"
This company is amazing......I had no issues with my process.
"SCAM SCAM SCAM!!! They will tell u your pre approved, get all your personal info( for what ever reason they choose) then deny u. Do not trust these people!!!!! And don’t believe the positive reviews on here no doubt they’re from scam artist that work for them! Ignore they’re response as I said they will tell u u are pre approved & soon as u give them your personal info they decline u. I recieved a message from them on a credit app I use to keep up with my credit rating that they had already pre approved me. Don’t Do It!"
Using Avant was fast and simple. Not a lot of red tape to get a decision with this company.
Quick and easy re-fi and at a better interest rate.
"Date of experience: February 03, 2023"
Avant- customer service and results were outstanding! I had never heard of Avant. I had an emergency and needed extra money sooner then later so I applied in the morning and was approved a few hours later with no other issues. My money was in the bank the next morning my interest rate was low. Everything was done electronically. I will definitely tell others about my great experience and results!
LITTLE SLOW PROCESSING BUT ALL WORK IN THE END GREAT
Easy application and get you what you need the next day
Working with great people
"Reply to Avant : i am sorry as well but i was given a 7.5 % and by email avant said to accept the new interest rate of 26% AFTER Avant done hit my credit report with the 7.5%. Not right to give one interest rate after a credit review then have a much much higher rate before the money was released. Just saying if it happens to anyone else I'd like to know about it.

Money was deposited quickly, and approval was smooth. After my credit file review I was offered a low rate in the beginning which was the major factor in my decision to take the offer. Once Avant proceeded they stated they was unable to give me the lower rate, that they would offer me a higher interest with apologies. Well they done hit my credit with the first offer so I took what they offered in hopes to move the loan soon."
"I had a great experience with your company, the associates were I spoke with were very friendly and professional! I would gladly recommend your company to all my family and friends
Thanks again!"
"Date of experience: January 30, 2023"
"I have used Avant for previous personal loans. This time I submitted all my documents as requested but I had to call Avant because I never heard back about the approval of the loan, I was just waiting. Had I not called I would have never heard back. But overall, the experience and process is simple and would recommend to friends."
The application process was quick and simple and funding was done exactly like stated. The interest rate could be lower.
Telephone agents very helpful and attuned to customer feelings and concerns of the moment. Symoathic to loan applicants.
I was able to sign up smoothly and quickly.The credit came in a time of unforseen circumstances and really helped. Thank you
This was the easiest process I could have done.
"Avant has always been good to me. I have been a loyal customer for many years. I will continue to do business with Avant, and recommend them to my friends and family."
"It didn’t take me long to get a loan ,no long process to apply specially doing it on line, very satisfied with the service. I completed my application on Jan 24, submitted the necessary documents the following day it was approved , the funds was electronically deposited to my bank .I was so happy and never expect to be that fast. Thank you so much ."
"Fast response, easy to apply, received funds fast into my account. Options to pick your loan amount and terms were great and easy to understand."
Good !! Right on time when i need ! Thanks
Fast and easy also quick response letting me know I was approved.
Such a simply easy and quick process. Referred several people already!!
"I wouldn’t recommend this company. I applied for a small loan, and during my application process, I uploaded all requested documents the same day on the portal. After uploading the documents, I received a green boxing stating “completed”. Everyday after I would either receive an email that said “please call AVANT” or upload a document in which I had already upload. This went on for 6 days, each day I would call and speak to different representatives, informing them all that I had completed those task. They would confirm with me that was accurate and told me “we will process your application and approval could can taken place within the same 24hrs.” This was my same scenario every day for 6 days. On day 7, I received an email stating that my application had expired and I would have to re-apply. In disbelief I contacted Avant and the representative pretty much read my email to me, before I could even speak to tell her why I was calling. I informed her I would like to know why they dropped they ball? Why did they send the same emails to me daily with task I had already completed. When I asked for a supervisor, I was told they were on the phone with someone else and the representative would schedule a call back for the supervisor to call me… That call back never happened. Please don’t waste your time with this company, please don’t give them your personal information and then receive a soft or hard pull on your credit. They acted as amateurs or a scamming company. I would’ve gave them zero stars if I could have."
"Date of experience: January 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 24, 2023"
"I am happy for approving my personal loan. They may be called a couple of times for information that is already given in the online application and finally approved it. After approval, they have deposited in my bank in less than 24hrs."
"Date of experience: January 27, 2023"
"Very easy, safe, online process."
The application was easy to complete and the website is easy to access.
"Fast, Easy & No Hassle"
"This company is a complete scam! Credit score over 700, earn a decent living,debit to credit ratio is awesome! .....Yet
They said they couldn't use my bank statements because I only allowed them to see my deposits as that applies to the loan application. Where as they want to see how your spending your money. Also the women on the phone was NOT helpful at all."
Easy to fill out application and policy written and explained to understand easily.
"Date of experience: January 24, 2023"
"Money available the next day. I had an emergency, it was approved so quickly, I hadn’t checked it, in my junk email."
"I would give 0 stars if that was an option. I applied one week ago, turned in all documents required, connected my bank account and submitted bank statements within the first day or two. I called in several times to ask for a status update, sent several emails and today I received an email that my application had expired. This felt very much like a bait and switch scam and now I’m passed due on bills that I needed the money for. Terrible customer service and zero ability to escalate issues."
"Soon your information is in they don’t play no games they’re right on point to help you out and for that. I will never forget.
Thank you __ I recommend it to everyone"
I was amazed at how quickly my loan came through without any hassle. Highly recommend Avant. Customer service is excellent. The keep in touch with every step of the way. Simple one of the best.
Had the money within 24 hrs very Hassel free application process. Very easy very simple loan process __
"I know my rating isn't all that great, but I know what I can do and was approved. I own my own business and this helped my bottom line greatly!"
They were quick and great with my approval and depositing my funds
This was my 3rd loan through Avant and I couldn't be happier with the ease and efficiency of the entire process. Avant is very customer friendly and responsive to any requests made. I will continue to use Avant in the future and would recommend them to anyone.
Avant really helped me when I needed it. Thanks!
"Date of experience: January 25, 2023"
Avante was fantastic! I am so grateful. I applied and the loan was approved right away and funded. They were professional helpful and reasonable! I am so grateful!!!
"Date of experience: January 30, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 20, 2023"
"Very wonderful customer service __ and buying process was smooth and easy.

We love our new home ____.

Thank you Avant Homes and thank you Colina Johnston for giving us the best experience."
"Super quick response on my approval, and then the funds were in my account the next day. The application process is simple. The website is user friendly. So far so good!!"
It was such a quick application. Very easy to fill out and got my response in a few minutes. I got my deposit within 24 hours of agreeing to terms.
"Very smooth, processing"
Was very easy to do and was approved within 1 day. Avant was very transparent and all details were explained.
"Date of experience: January 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 24, 2023"
The professionalism and expediency of handling the loan
It was made very easy to apply no hassles of filling out tons of paperwork and not having to wait weeks for receiving the loan. Thank you
"It's a new world we live in, probably one of the easiest experiences I've had. Fill out the online application, send the requested information, The approval process in less than minutes and deposited to my account the very next day."
Just an amazing easy experience that has turned everything about my finances for the better. Was able to consolidate what I needed in a way that will allow me to pay everything off quicker and with less stress. Thank you Avant! Sincerely!
"Date of experience: January 27, 2023"
"Promised just a soft pull to see if I was qualified. Stated that it would be a quick process. Uploaded all the required documents and they stated that I was fine and needed no other info. The next day a rep called asking for the same info... this happened 4 more times over a span of two weeks. I then get an email asking to call in order for my app to be processed. I call and he asked for all of my tax documents, which was odd because there is no where to upload that information to the dashboard... it was not a requirement. With all that being said, I never got a chance to upload because immediately after they said my application expired and I would have to do it again. Waste of time and it hurt my credit."
"It’s been a great experience,
Thank you"
"I dont have bad credit but I don't have great credit either. When living became overwhelmingly expensive, Avant was there to help. And a payment plan that won't break me in the future. Thank you Avant!"
The process for my application was very simple and secure. Money was directly deposited to my account in 3 days and was able to pay me debt right away! Will use this company again!
I've never had to get a loan before and I was nervous about it but the experience was very easy and smooth.
"Date of experience: January 28, 2023"
"Getting the money I needed from Avant was quick and easy, and I received the funds within a few days."
"Got my money fast, and it was easy. Helped out a lot."
"This was the easiest on line app
Decision was quick
Money deposited quickly"
The process was so easy and I really appreciate this.
"Great, fast!"
I'm new to avant but so far it has been very easy and pleasant.
To be honest Avant help me when I need it was not what I was looking for but thanks to Avant and associates
Greatest and fastest experience I’ve ever had for a personal loan .. this is my second time using Avant and the experience was quick and early AAA+++++
I got my request for my loan approval in a matter of seconds thank you
"Avant was easy to work with, and Trusted by me. This is my second go-round with Avant. The application process is simple. They said yes when I needed a little extra cash. It was helpful in paying down some bills and debt and increasing my rainy-day cushion. The rates are competitive, and fair for my profile."
Straightforward application. I was kept well informed and approval was quick after their review.
"Date of experience: January 19, 2023"
Fast and easy. Had the loan in my bank next day.
"Date of experience: January 19, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2023"
Very Easy Process. The application was quick and simple. Uploading supporting documents was painless. I had approval within 24 hours and funds in my account in 48 hours. The app and website are clean and easy to use. Very pleased with the loan.
My experience was great due to the convenience and quick turnaround.
The ease of applying online and the quick approval. Also money was deposited into my account in less than a week. Keep up the great customer service.
Easy to apply and response was quick!!
Applying was easy and fast. I had a few questions prior to my approval and they were all answered timely
For 2 months my account online cannot be found. Customer service cannot accept my payment resulting in late charges. Seem to be same scam tactics Wells Fargo has been sued for.
"This is my second approved Personal Loan. AVANT expeditiously processed my Loan Application. I will be honored to share my experience with potential customers.

C. Martin"
"Date of experience: January 19, 2023"
Avant is fast and reliable. They dont have fee and also even you have low credit score they will help you to get a loan in low rate. And instant you get your loan fast as soon you apply 1 to 2 days and you will get your loan money fast.
"You are a reliable source. Keep it up, five stars __ ________ for you. Thanks"
"Everything was professional and easy. Great company to do business with, will recommend to friends."
"Date of experience: January 16, 2023"
My experience with Avant was so easy and seemless. Avant- was great help to me
"Had some financial issues accumulate over time, and found that a debt consolidation loan would really benefit me. With my less than stellar credit, I found myself turned down by a few places for what I considered a not very risky loan. Avant contacted me unprovoked one day, offering me a loan because I had a credit card with them which I always paid. One quick form to fill out, and within the hour, I had the money I needed. Couldn't have been easier. I could not be more pleased with their organization."
I was denied when I tried to use my credit card I had over 200.00 Credit on my card but was denied a purchase of a little over 40.00
"Date of experience: January 12, 2023"
all the a service in general
"It was easy to apply and get a response without the hassle, and receives the money in my bank when I was told"
My experience has been hassle free. Easy great experience quick and fast!
I asked for lil bit of money and they gave me a whole lot. When your credit good I say this the go to . Fast and super convenient I had over twenty bands in less than a day. They are the go to if you’re looking for fast funding .
Interest rates insanely high for the insanely desperate
"Date of experience: January 12, 2023"
"They approved me for a card last December 2022 and the card was sent to an erroneous address, I was told that the card will be reissued in 7 to 10 days and that was 20 days ago and still haven't received the card that I was charged $39.00 annually. If I ever get thus card, I will close the account and will never apply again."
"Very easy , sufficient information, and quick"
"Date of experience: January 18, 2023"
"Very fast in the loan process, and easy to complete. Funds were available to consolidate my debt, in less than 48 hours. Reasonable interest rates given my credit of 659"
"Date of experience: January 13, 2023"
was easy to apply and i am a repeat customer. better rate then when i previously used
The process was very quick. very good customer service.
The ease and speed of my experience made buying my vehicle flawless.
"The application was easy, the decision was quick. Got what I needed in no time. Would recommend Avant to anyone. Thanks so much."
"Date of experience: January 13, 2023"
Fast reliable money when you need it at fair interest rates!
The process was very EASY!! Did not have to deal with a person wanting all my personal information. It was so simple and so quick. I would recommend to everyone.
"Date of experience: January 19, 2023"
The time that it took for a reply as to getting your loan was very short
The process was so easy and I received my loan the very next day. I would definitely recommend them for anyone that wants to consolidate their credit cards.
In difficult times Avant will help you in manageable way right away. Fast and clear.
Experience was simple and very easy to navigate.
I applied for a loan and within minutes I was approved and the money was sent to my account the next day.
"Date of experience: January 11, 2023"
Easy to apply for I got the loan to help my credit thinks
"Date of experience: January 09, 2023"
"I reached out to Altura for an auto loan. Mr. Ronnie Branch got back to me almost instantly. He provided links for the application and guided me every step of the way. He was extremely helpful, professional, and knowledgeable and I immediately felt like I could trust him. I have never been approved for an auto loan so quickly. Altura beat out the auto dealership and gave me a great interest rate. I currently bank with Chase but am planning on switching to Altura.
Thank you Ronnie and Altura."
The application for getting this loan was quick and easy and I received my money two days after being approved. My credit was fair and they were still able to help me.
"Date of experience: January 16, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 06, 2023"
Quick fast and easy if the site.
Received a deposit within 48 hrs. It was fast and easy
Was put on “delinquent” list for absolutely no reason I am hooked up to automatic payments. Called one one could tell me why I was marked as this… also put I hold on my card so I have no money for the rest of the week …Tried to get in contact with the company was told a supervisor would give me a call still waiting for a callback over 24 hours later … I would go with capital one over avant
"Date of experience: January 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 10, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 06, 2023"
My experience with Avant was so simple and easy. I was approved very quickly. I applied on a Friday night and my funds were in my checking account by the following Tuesday. I would recommend Avant with no qualms.
Process was convenient response was quick
"The whole process was clear and concise not that it mattered. I was approved or not, but your senior action was very very professional."
"Date of experience: January 10, 2023"
Thank you for the professional way your agents processed my application and the time they took. Thank you again
Very trustworthy. Deposited funds into my account day before . Would definitely use them again
"It was a very transparent and fast process with no funnies fee involved at a very comfortable rate. People have to understand that rate is related to their credit score.
The process was easy with no complicated issues and the money was deposited into my bank account at an unexpected speed.
Thanks, Avant for making it so easy!!!!!"
"Date of experience: January 11, 2023"
This is the second time I a have needed a loan and they wad right on top of it. Thank you
"This company is very unprofessional and seems far from legit. I spoke to a representative and he told me that even after I closed my account I had over $300 in late fees with interest. He then transferred me and then it kept hanging up, everytime I tried to get another representative. Don’t ever use them. They have no sympathy for their mistakes."
"After filing for bankruptcy in 2018, I didn’t think of taking out another loan. Avant accepted me and gave me a chance to perform. They have flexible terms. I picked three years at 21% finance charge. The process was quick and easy. Within a few days I received my funds. I will definitely do business with them again in the future!"
"This company is not just shady, they are predatory. I closed an account with them in Aug/Sept of 2022 and paid my remaining balance at that time. It appeared everything was done professionally and without hassle.
Fast forward to Jan 2023...I received an email telling me my statement was ready. I was confused, but checked it out. When I discovered a supposedly unpaid balance as well as two late fees and interest I was angry and disappointed. The 38 minute phonecall didn't resolve anything so now I must wait 48 hours for a supervisor to respond.
I will keep posting updates here, but I am certain it will be challenging to get a fair resolution.
AVANT is a horrific company that takes advantage of customers at every opportunity.
I look forward to never doing business with them again.

1/9/23 no call from Avant and no, I will not call the number they posted on the cut/paste reply just to be left on hold indefinitely."
"This is a terrible card and these reviews only solidify my comment. They have no automated teller, you have to call and pay bill during their business hours which is not very accommodating, I paid all my bills but put this one aside to pay on their time causing me to forget to pay it. This month realizing what I did paid both months, I spoke to a person about taking the notice to the credit borough ofF he said no, why not ? My perfect payment on my cards for the last 7 years has been blemished but this card. I cut the card up and will never use it again after paid off. Don't get this card it a hassle to pay it, the service is terrible."
"I opened my card in July 2022 and like others was given a $2k credit limit. I had an okay credit score of 650 and make $130k a year and was doing great rebuilding my credit. This company arbitrarily decides it should lower my credit to $750 from $2k after a “review of my credit”. I called and inquired and customer service they had no reason and that department who makes the decision can’t take calls. Do you believe this?? I close my account right then and there. I had a $427 balance on what was a $2k credit line and now a $750. My debt to loan ratio was killed.

The next month my credit score drops to 602. This company screwed me over. Fast forward to 5 days before Christmas and I receive this email:
_______________________________________

We recently advised you of a credit line decrease on your account that was based in whole or in part on a low behavior score. After reviewing your account and investigating our reasons for the decrease, we have determined that your credit line should not have been decreased.

If you closed your account as a result of this matter, we cannot reopen your account.

For any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us at 1-855-752-7012.

Sincerely,

Avant Card Team

Avant branded credit products are issued by WebBank.
24/7 Customer Support
Phone: 855-752-7012
_______________________________________

This company just admitted to screwing me over and said that since I decided to close my account because they screwed me over you can kiss off. Great business ethics and way to treat the customer.

Beware of Avant and tread lightly"
"Scam, i applied through Credit Karma was preapproved and went through submitting documents. they requested another set of documents to verify my income and after two days my application ""EXPIRED"" saying that it was not reviewed in time. They ask me to reapply but then when i did they are giving me new terms, higher APR and higher interest rates and longer term to pay for the loan. they say that it will no do another credit pull on me but yeah. why can you offer the same terms that i choose initially. They are putting people in a situation that they dont have a choice but to bite on the higher APR and interest rates because of their ow fault of not reviewing the application in time which looks like intentional for the application to expire."
"Ease of process, communication throughout the process, and a user-friendly site!"
"HORRIBLE card, awful, rude customer service. Deceased my credit limit out of the blue after only having the card a few months, which put me over my ""new limit"". Very shady business practices, 0/10 do NOT recommend. I cut it up and after I pay it off will cancel."
App was user friendly. Application process and notification was smooth and quick.
"I received a Credit card from Avant ( WEBBANK ) and had a $3000 credit limit. I used the card 1 time and charged a whole $30. I paid it off in full, then I was notified my Credit limit was dropped to $300 for adverse actions on my account??? I called customer service - they were absolutely Useless - they could not help, so I cancelled my card.

I just received and email letting my know that reducing my credit line was an error on their part, but since I cancelled my card with them, there is nothing they can do. It took them 2 months to figure out they screwed up ????

The worst experience I have ever had with a credit card company. They should never be allowed to deal with finances.

I am sure they will respond and say "" oh we are so sorry, please call customer service and we will help "" - I can assure you, their customer service is 100% USELESS

STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY.

UPDATE. As I predicted, Avant responded with the same canned message they use here for everyone who has had a horrible experience. I also did call them back and guess what, they said they cannot help. This company is a joke"
I am very satisfied with With my loan I want to thank everyone for helping me I didn't have any problems with Loan thank you very much
"Date of experience: December 14, 2022"
Very fast and easy to complete and get into account
"Received an offer from Avant, my wife & I are expanding our business & were thinking about a small loan & decided to go with Avant. The process was really simple & once approved they transferred the funds within 48 hours. Their interest rate was better than the others we were considering & We plan to pay this off early & there’s no pre-payment penalty. Very happy with our decision. Mark"
"The whole loan process was quick and simple, the money was credited to my bank account the next day."
"Avant is shady credit card company that intends to bilk as much money out of their clients with ridiculously absorbinant charges as they can with total disregard for the circumstances.
Almost any card out there is a better choice than Avant"
"I applied for the loan based on excellent approval by CK. I received an instant approval. I submitted my paystub and bank info and the money was deposited to my bank the following day. This is the fastest loan processing ever. Usually after providing the requested info, they will contact you to complete the application but not Avant. Thank you Avant for the fast and smooth transaction. It came perfect timing too with Christmas around the corner. __"
"Date of experience: December 12, 2022"
"They bait and switch me they offered a decent credit line, approved me and charged me a hefty annual membership fee $59 to be exact, I had an emergency and I almost maxed it out but I paid it all back after 3 weeks. They used that as an excuse and they lowered my available credit to $300, I lost all confidence in avant and closed my account 2 months after opening it but only received $35.73 back from my $59 annual membership fee for two months of having the credit card! STAY AWAY FROM THESE PREDATORY COMPANY"
Very Quick and smooth process
"Ease of process, clear communication, great customer service."
Very great company. I was able to get a loan to be able to move my family in very short notice. I’m very pleased and I would recommend anyone to apply.
"Very fast, and believed in me. Great experience!"
"Date of experience: December 13, 2022"
Thank u for loaning me money it was a big help and it came fast.
Great folks to work with. Clear instructions and conditions. No added fee or hidden costs.
Easy to do application verification easy great people to work with
"My Avant is the best cc, that I have. The process was easy, customer service is always available with expert advise. I have been working to build credit and I was only able to get a secured cc. When I applied, I was unsure, despite my thoughts, I was approved with a 300 limit! With on time payments and using my avant card responsibly, I received an increased after my first 6 months. I'm happy I chose this cc and I would definitely recommend anyone starting to build or rebuild credit, to give Avant a try.
Thanks again Avant for giving me the opportunity and your friendly service!"
"Application -easy
Processing -easy
Money -fast
At this point I have no complaints."
"The process was quick, the representative was througal and nice, and the funds were deposited timely. Good Job"
A great company when you need a loan they will believe in you and give you a chance to prove yourself
Well deserved 5 stars for excellent service. Fast and reliable.
"Fast service, and I got the amount I wanted. All credit cards paid off, Christmas gifts for everyone, and a replenished bank account for my husband's ministry/bike events/ repair fund!"
"The process was simple, informative and quick! I was surprised at how easy and fast things moved! Greatly appreciated!"
A representative contacted me because they thought fraud was attempted on my card. I appreciate them looking out for me
"Date of experience: December 15, 2022"
"Great service

Thank you for having a user-friendly process. It was easy to read and understand the information being requested. Speedy verification and funding process."
"The process was quick and easy, no hassle at all. It also took no time at all either. Maybe 15 minutes at best. The interest they gave me isn’t terrible either compared to other loan programs out there. My credit isn’t that good either, yet they still gave me a pretty good amount. I’m indebted to this company ( literally and figuratively ) lol."
"Date of experience: December 08, 2022"
Easy process online. After be approved money was in my account next business day. Very satisfied.
My experience getting a personal loan was easy and funded almost immediately
"Date of experience: November 29, 2022"
Love what you taking care of your customer.. happy to be your customer
The process was very detailed & specific! Lots of detail however everything went smooth for me
"There is no streamlined process. The website states it could take 2-3 business days for the approval process, but that is just a blanket statement. I called the customer support line and felt as though I was a burden for asking a simple question. If I'm already outside of this window how much longer should I wait. That would help alleviate me calling at all. The customer dash board shows no changes which doesn't give me validation that my application is in any que. Maybe a number que would help with this issue. I understand it is the holidays and you may be working long hours, but don't make people feel as if they are not valued. We all have our burdens to bare."
Everything seemed to go smoothly and quick. No issues. All questions were answered quickly. Disbursement was even quicker.
"Quick response and Avant doesn’t ask for documents or pictures to be sent, which is convenient.
I’m grateful they approved my loan."
Quick. Easy. No hassle.
The loan process was quick and easy and the terms were very reasonable. I had my money the next day.
"Date of experience: December 08, 2022"
Avant- approved me for the moment I need to pay off bills and get ahead. It was quick and easy and my money arrived early in my account.
It was easy to apply online and with a quick response. Thank you
"I will continue to do business here, everything was fast and easy. Thank you again."
"Date of experience: December 07, 2022"
The ease of the application process and fast distribution of funds was extremely appreciated.
"Date of experience: December 13, 2022"
"I had a loan a few years ago from Avant and paid it off. When I was looking to consolidate my debt, I went to Avant first. I was concerned I wouldn’t be approved because I recently transitioned to self employment after my company shut down. But there was no issue. I especially like that you can pay it off early without any penalty. To be honest, that is the biggest selling point for me."
"Timeless, courteous, quick."
I apply for Avant on line. It was easy and they will let you know if you’re approved or not.
Prompt and commitment to the average working American. Great financial service.
"I was given $1500 credit when I opened my account. I made a hotel reservation for my group of $1200, since everyone paid their share by next billing period, I paid it all at once. Next thing I know my credit has been slashed in half to $750. Call customer service only to be told to wait for a letter in the mail. Letter explanation does not apply to me. Call customer service and they say they cannot help me. Poor service and a scam is what this cc is."
Clear…complete…concise…and very fast process.
"Quick and easy, Avant helped me consolidate my loans to a lower amount. Cannot thank them enough"
when I spoke to the representative she helped make the whole process easy..she was patient and knowledgeable made it all go easy
"Advant has been great for me to pay things off, house repairs, etc. without having to get in a credit consolidation. I had a score of 619 and was approved immediately and even was approved for more than I thought. I also had a choice pick how many months I wanted to pay the loan. I have used several times in the past 8 years and feel I can count on them!
Your payment does come out of your account each month which is convenient not to worry about having to remember to make a payment!"
Your service was very quick and efficient. I love that it is automatic payments so there is no hassle.
"Fast, honest, easy"
The ease of use. The quality of the service. The quickness of the response.
"I applied online and was immediately told the amount I could get approved for. I also had the option of how I wanted to pay the loan back (12 months, 24, months, or 36 month). The process was easy and it took no time at all to complete the application. I had to answer a few questions, verify my identity and I was approved. The money was put in my checking account within 2 business days. I also like the fact that there is no penalty if you pay your loan off early. I would definitely recommend Avant!!!"
"Great Experience and Quick Response!!
Highly Recommend!"
"So easy to apply, get approved, and funds deposited $"
"This company is the worst. I was prequalified for a personal loan up to $12000. I have excellent credit score. Just trusted their pre-qualification offer and applied for that. Surprisingly, the loan was denied. They just wanted to put a hard inquiry on my account. Absolutely deceiving customers with their loan process."
EXCELLENT SERVICE EVERYTHING EASY AND FAST__
"Title says it all. My tires failed me and since my vehicle is 4wd, I needed to replace all 4. I didn't have the money for those or to make Christmas nice for my family. Avant changed that with their quick approval. I applied on a Friday night and I received it that Tuesday morning. Super fast funding."
It was very easy to apply not a long process also the response time was excellent
Great experience! Fast and concise.
"The transaction was simple, effortless, but most important, quick.
I will definitely recommend this company to others."
The time frame was incredible no hassle and i got the loan in 1 business day .
Easy to work with!!
Everything went really smooth. I like how fast & thorough the process of getting a loan with Avant was.
Didn’t take long to get an answer or to receive the loan! Fast and efficient!
It was efficient and I was notified whenever additionally information was needed.
"My experience was awesome, I applied on line, the loan was approved, I received an email saying when the fund would be deposit into my account, and the funds were there as promised, just like that. No hassle at all."
It was quick and easy. I love the service I received
"Quick and easy getting the loan.
One problem was trying to get someone on the phone was a little difficult. The automated line kept hanging up"
Very easy and quick approval
"Date of experience: December 01, 2022"
Well I was hesitating at first to get the loan but after reading the reviews on different companies on what loan I should get and what type of communication you have with them I picked Avant did my application and got an email confirming that my money will be there by Monday but I ended up getting my money the next business day so my experience was great and I give it on my five on my experience.
"This is a very reliable loan company, it was easy to obtain the loan I needed with low payments. I will be using them again."
I have had good experiences with you’ll this is my third time and it was just as fast and good all three times
Great experience got the loan really quick
Quick response. Flexible payment options.
"Fast, easy, service online for busy lives."
Ive had this card and have not been late since May. Went all summer with out a late payment. Then in November they lowered my limit. Would not recommend this card to my worst enemy.
Make sure to send in everything when they ask. Other that that customer service amazing thank you great job
"I had this card for 2 years. I consolidated my debt and closed about 5 of my CC accounts. I called customer service to close my account and pay it in full. I asked the CS rep what the full balance was and if my payoff covered it. I was told yes I'm good and the account will be closed. 30 days later I get a 30 day let on my credit report. I Call and they said oh we will push this up the chain to get it resolved. In 30 days I get a 60 day late. I call again and basically get it's not out problem you got charged for trailing interest. I reviewed the previous conversation with the manager and she says I'll open an investigation. We'll today I got a 90 day late and basically told they aren't going to do anything about it and it's my problem. I have not had any issues with the other 4 accounts i closed. They were paid in full, closed and done! RUN from this card. Avant is a terrible company to work with."
Easy to apply. Easily approved the loan. Thank you Avant!
Easy access and instructions. This is my 3rd loan over the years and I have been very happy wirh website and easy use.
"Date of experience: December 07, 2022"
"Not a fast apllication process, it took 10 days to get a rejection (after I told them i wanted an answer the next day or I was going with another company).I applied after a recommendation from Credit Karma. I supplied every document they asked for, some more than once. I carefully explained how each income worked, but everytime I called, I got a different agent and had to explain again. The company did not like that I had 2 different banks and one of my part time jobs paid in paper checks. I can't tell you how many times I was hung up on when I would call to check on my application. They would NOT accept the second job as a second income without being able to prove where I deposited the checks. My credit is fair but trending upward, every payment on time and remarks are all postiive on my credit report. Isn't the point of applying for a consolidation personal loan to consider what the clients are trying to do...get out of debt with the least amount of interest charges and lowering your DTI?! Just say no, and go elsewhere."
Do not deal with this company!!! It is a trap! You pay your balance in full and then they charge you .10 on next statement (which was never received) and then when you get hit with a late charge and call to find out what it’s for because you paid off in full plus closed account they inform you of the .10 charge. Now you pay balance again and they inform you there may still be money owed next month. How???
This company gave me a credit line of 1500 and because I had to use up to 1000 they dropped my limit by 500 the following month..how did they know that I wouldn’t have paid off the balance before they went ahead and lowered it ..they didn’t give me a chance to to that ..why give me a certain amount to use and then drop me for using it you might have seen it all paid ..I don’t suggest this card to anyone in fact I only had the card for 3 months ..they obviously don’t give you a chance to show your credit worthiness..so when the limit drops I effected my total limit on my report..wow thanks ..I won’t be using this card ever again now that I have paid it off.. be weary of how they drop your limit the first time that go a little high on your limit after all isn’t that what a credit card is for..well maybe not with this company.. garbage of a company!!!
no problems with the loan! but I forgot my old phone # and had to call.
"You helped when I needed it most.
Thank you"
The refinancing went smoothly. The agent was gracious.
Getting a “credit building” loan was fast and easy ! Haste free and approval in minutes ! Thank you !
The experience I had was outstanding. Easy to do and quick response time.
The ease of filling out the application to the approval process. It was user friendly and stress free.
"Super easy and so fast I could not believe how simple this loan was to get and how fast the money was in my account, You guys Rock!"
"Date of experience: November 25, 2022"
Excellent experience the loan process was so simple and I received my money directly in my account. User friendly application and repayment plan.
Everthing was simple and easy to understand. There was no repeating the same question over and over. The response time was quick a right on the mark.
"Date of experience: November 23, 2022"
For trusting me and giving the opportunity for granting my loan it will help me a lot. The company is doing well with believing in people and helping them to move on for a better future I thank you Avant for your assistance.
"Very straight forward, quick and easy. A wonderful experience."
Easy application process and only a few minutes for approval.
Expedient funding. Requirements were clear and all completed online via secure site. Team was quite helpful and efficient in keeping me informed of the progress...well done.
Easy to submit documents for processing and staff support when calling with questions.
"Date of experience: November 22, 2022"
"They made it so easy to apply and get approved,"
"On the one hand, the loan was approved very quickly, but very bad in the sense that they offered me a rate and then raised it."
"Date of experience: November 22, 2022"
I am 100% satisfied with doing business with y’all. Everything y’all said was 100% on time I am very pleased and happy
The experience was ok. I should have received a much lower interest rate. It take longer then I expected.
I have been a customer for the past 6 years and from customer service to ease of app usage i am beyond satisfied.
The have always worked with me to complete my loan and this time was no different would highly recommend Avant
"I had tried to obtain a debt consolidation loan to improve my credit, but kept getting rejected even though I had tried to make up for some past credit
""bumps in the road.""

Avant granted me a nice loan approval easily and
seamlessly without any origination fees. They have
a very fast, efficient, and well-organized application
and funding procedure.

AVANT IS EXCELLENT!"
"If you upload the correct docs needed, this is an absolutely smooth process"
"Date of experience: November 23, 2022"
"This company was quick, efficient and easy to work with. I had a wonderful experience and would recommend this company to anyone."
Quick approval and Money transferred to my account in less than 24 hours! My second loan with Avant (previous one was for 35000 USD.
"Loan was fast and easy , No jumping so many hoops."
Avant saved me tons of money with a debt consolidation loan. Thank you!
the ease of entering in my information and getting the help that i needed was so easy and the loan approvial was so fast and was deposited when they said it would be. I would highly recommend your company to any of my friends and relatives.date of he experience was 11/20/2022 and my name i Rickey Blackwell
"Fast, hassle free and good rate!"
"Applying for a loan was quick and easy, and my loan was approved in just a few minutes. The loan was in my bank account within two days. Thanks Avant!"
"Great customer service
Loan was delivered earlier than expected"
Avant has a crook working there. My card was charged 450.00 of fraudulent charges and my debit card was charged and declined for insufficient funds which was the card I used to pay my bill with Avant. The onky 2 cards that were affected. Don't use this company. Not enough security. I still have a fraudulent charge on this card from 3 months ago. It's still a temporary credit. Too late late to charge it back now.
"Love that I can research a loan company so easily, apply and get approved I’m a matter of minutes, funds was deposited into my account within 2 days and now I’m able to pay off my credit cards and just have my one loan to pay. Great company!"
Great experience easy to apply all done professionally I highly recommend
life savers. Thank you very much.
"Knowledge, patient effort to understand customers need and how to
The process work."
Fast approval and funded less than a day.
Fair consideration of circumstances and timely response. Great service.
I am happy with everything except I don’t like that you don’t allow me to pick the payment date.
"Quick and easy application, with an even faster approval! It feels good to know that I am able to take care of some of my debt with an affordable monthly payment and interest rate. Thanks Avant for making everyday life that much easier!"
Your process was very simple and effective. I will refer you to others
"Date of experience: November 21, 2022"
"Date of experience: November 17, 2022"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2022"
My experience with Avant was great. The entire process from start to finish was easy and simple. The representative I spoke to was courteous and professional. The website easy to navigate and understand. Hands down the best experience.
"The customer service, they make it very simple for everyone."
"The application online was so easy, the really help people with loans within 1 business day. Avant- is great"
Had to play catch up n avant- truly took care of me thank you so much ..z
Applying for the loan was easy and quick. Application was user friendly. Keep up the good work.
"Date of experience: November 16, 2022"
This is the second time l have used Avant for emergency home repairs.They have made an emergency much easier by their prompt and fair interest rates.l would feel comfortable referring friends.
So easy to refinance my loan for a lower interest rate and lower payment!!!! 5__‘s
"Wasn't expecting the process to be so easy, approval was instant, money was in my account the next day. The payment plan is great! So happy needed emergency cash and got with it with no hassle."
I have been trying to get a loan from this company and I finally did.
"They are great, easy, fast to deal with."
Looking for credit can be stressful and painstaking. Avant asked the same questions and sought similar documents as other loan companies but made it simpler to provide documents and confirm.
"The ease of the application process made my experience with Avant ideal. This is the third time that I have used Avant, and each of these has been a favorable experience."
"I was impressed by how easy and quick the application process went, and I had a decision immediately! It was on the weekend, but the money was in my account on Tuesday, 2 days sooner than when they said to expect it. Couldn't be happier!"
"Date of experience: November 15, 2022"
"Date of experience: November 16, 2022"
"Date of experience: November 22, 2022"
"Date of experience: November 17, 2022"
"Date of experience: November 22, 2022"
"Date of experience: November 11, 2022"
This was such an easy process! I had my money in the bank in just over 24 hours! Each step was explained and done with ease.
Very fast and efficient service. I received my funds very fast and effortlessly. Everything went very smoothly. I would highly recommend.
It was a easy process &bin a small amount of time I was approved with my loan deposited within 4 days. It's was a great experience. Everything was explained to me very well & the pay back is simple & easy as well.
Was a very quick approval process and received the loan a couple days later only bcuz of the weekend!!
"I was relieved to know I didn`t have to go through the 1k questions, being Avant already had all of my info. Plus the time in which I was notified the loan had been approved. Again, thanks, Mario Baray"
"The experience was wonderful! The process was easy and fast. Honestly, I was shocked. Super thankful for this company!"
I applied and submitted the documentation that was required and all I had to do was wait for approval. The process took about a week...
"This was easy quick and made sense, for the emergency funds we needed."
"Date of experience: November 11, 2022"
Easy. Low monthly payment.
Fast and easy
"Very easy, no hassle site. The instructions were clear, and response time was expectionally fast"
The process took less then 15 minutes and the funds were in my account within 48 hours. Would highly recommend to everyone.
Super fast service and easy application. Used Avant loan services to consolidate my credit card debt. The whole procedure took only 2 days and the money was transferred to my account. Would recommend to anyone! Thanks
It was an easy smooth process. I was approved and received my funds 2 days sooner than anticipated. Thank you!
Applied for a small personal loan and processing was pretty easy and they approved the loan fast enough to get the money deposited in 4 days.Great Rates and pretty good customer service.
Very easy to apply and expedited response.
"Date of experience: November 18, 2022"
"i needed to consolidate some debt. i saw an add for avant, and thought i'd try them. within one half hour, i had a perfect, affordable load at roughly 1/3rd the interest rate i had been paying, and had the money i need to become virtually debt free overnite. i didn't believe it at first... but these guys are the best, and totally helped me reform my world affordably."
Avant staff was very courteous and professional.
"I have been with you guys for a year or two now and you help me out every time I appreciate your service and I will keep my credit up so if I need you again, you can help me. Thank you for all you do. ."
My experience has been amazing so far. I appreciate the quick response to my request. Everything was in time.
This is the best place to get a quick loan I applied didn't take long and I got my money. They are so nice and helpful if you need quick cash go here.
Easy to apply and very friendly person with on point service thank you
"Date of experience: November 18, 2022"
So easy...so quick...
The service was excellent the process was fast and easy we're recommend a friend
Great response time. Helpful representatives.
It was so easy. By far the simplest way I've found to ease debt. The money was deposited into my account in just a few days. Thanks Avant!
"Process was quick and easy, terms were competitive"
The company was easy to work with and everything was done online. I got the loan I needed within 4 days of applied for my loan. Great company and great customer service support. I do recommend this company if you need a loan.
Customer service reach out when ever I had problems with applying and was very accommodating. And My loan was appoved right away and I received it a few days later.
"Date of experience: November 09, 2022"
i have charges on my card that i didnt make so i called them because i seen that my balance was getting high and i know i used my card maybe three times and i know i didnt use it much so i called them about it and i didnt loose my card so iam not understanding why my card was being used on line well i called time after time so finally i gotten somebody to help me well i had about 8 charges on my card the fraud company only took care of 3 out of 8 so my balance went back up but some charges is still on my bill that i didnt make and thats the charges they took care of was charge again from amzon now my balace is back high so what do i do i been callin and calling and when i talk to somebody and they send u to people that cant help and then they put u on hold and the phone hangs up then u have to call back and explain the hold thing again iam at this point i will be reporting this card company because look like that is some in house fraud because they cancel my old crad and i have a new card and its stiil getting fraud charges so can somebody inform me what can i do about this credit card company
"It was a quick, easy process! Just took a few minutes to apply online and upload the pertinent documentation. Funding within 24 hours! Thank you for the excellent customer service!"
I needed a loan to pay off some debt that was negatively impacting my credit. I applied with Avant and within seconds was approved. The funds were in my account in less than 48 hours. They really helped me when others wouldn’t. I highly recommend. No hidden fees. I received the amount that was requested and approved.
"Date of experience: November 09, 2022"
"Customer service was wonderful. The loan application was easy and funds were deposited in my bank account the next day. My own bank refused me a loan even though I had just paid off a $4,000 loan after 4 years, never missing a payment. I will be paying less in monthly payments to Avant! If you have a need for this type of loan I thank God they are there just for that purpose. I highly recommend them!"
The entire process was quick and simple to apply. I would recommend Avant to family and friends…
Was very easy to apply for the loan and a quick answer and the rate is lower then most and very quick to receive the funds
I found myself in need of a small personal loan and didn’t have a lot of time to wait for long applications and paperwork. I do believe Avant screens applicants well and partners with reputable platforms like Credit Karma and I was so grateful that they approved my loan within one evening. I feel trusted and it makes a world of difference because that’s all I needed; someone to trust that my name is worth giving me a chance to have a loan extended to me. Thank you.
"The process was really so easy, I was truly pleasantly surprised. Thank you. Avant."
"I have had 5 successful loans thru Avant and never missed a payment, even paying off 2 of them early. I have lately qualified and been given an offer. I accepted and provided all necessary documents only to be declined 2 times now. There is no loyalty with this company and there is no legible reasonable response from Customer service that has been outsourced outside the United States. Do not waste your time with this company."
"Excellent company to work with. Fast, efficient, friendly, and helpful.
Cannot express how thankful I am for Avant!"
It was great getting approved at the rate I was given. It took a few calls to get the confirmation confirmed. Thanks Avant!
Very heplfull. Allow me to consolidate credit cards
"Only take one day for the fund in my bank. Great experience.
Thank you."
"Date of experience: November 03, 2022"
Quick and easy application and the funds arrived the next day! Very smooth and efficient process.
Very easy application process and fast approval. Lower interest rates then the all the rest ... so far it's been great.
"Date of experience: November 07, 2022"
"Avant- credit card __ company is asking me if I committed fraud on my own credit card when I stop use and claimed fraud after visiting Las Vegas , Neveda.

I just got done paying $1500 towards my balance . ? This was kind of funny considering the fraudulent activity was less than couple hundred overall.

Makes no sense rt? This company overall has no heart or any level of intelligence. Unfortunately the future is a bunch of robots.

They wouldn’t remove one late fee when I had Covid. They make it a priority to protect themselves over prioritizing customer service.

This is just my experience with the company. They’re rude and very unfriendly. Go with American Express __"
Once again I used Avant and they came through and now I can have the vacation we deserve!!!! Thanks for being there __
"Date of experience: November 03, 2022"
"Everything about your service, from initiating the loan to approval. Just the interest rate is a little too high.
I am very impressed and thank you."
"It was very easy to apply, CM was easy to contact, answered all my questions."
Very easy to work with and quick to help!
"Date of experience: November 06, 2022"
Simple! Straightforward!
They were very helpful patient friendly people
Happy with the terms. Got my loan in a couple days. Easy to do. Thank-you.
"large amounts of useful info, clear and concise documentation, and reasonable solution for present interest rates on most all credit cards"
Easy to use. Good support.
My experience was beautiful from start to finish got approved in second and it so affordable each month until I pay my loan off Thank You Avant for your Help
"Avant made the entire process easy and smooth, quick approval and funds provided quickly. I am looking forward to being able to clear up some old debt with this loan."
"Date of experience: November 08, 2022"
The experience was great. Filling out the process was easy and a representative called and ask few questions and then the money was deposited in my account fast easy process
It was quick and easy. Found out through Credit Karma that ny chances were good to be approve.
Thankyou for helping me with my loan. I so appreciate all of your help and support.
Customer service was friendly and knowledgeable; the entire experience was quick and easy.
"one of the worst credit card company out there, cant get hold of their customer service"
Super fast decision and deposit. O was able to take care of everything the next day
The applicant process was very easy and the processing time was done in a timely manner
"Customer service was great and the
Process of the loan"
"Date of experience: November 11, 2022"
Professional online experience with fast approval.
Avant presented upfront options without commitment first. Communication was open and direct through phone and email without requirement of office visit. Virtual contract presentation and acceptance agreeable.
"easy application process
swift response
fast disbursement of funds
affordable repayment plan
I will return to Avant again and again."
Very fast and easy trying to build my credit up thank you for helping me out
"I was scrolling thru Credit Karma, and they always send me ways to improve my credit, which I normally just ignore. Well, Avant.com stuck out to me with their low interest rates, and ease to get funded to consolodate my credit card debt. I easily applied for this loan late on a Sunday night, and had all the funds in my bank account on Tuesday morning! On top of that, there was NOT a loan origination fee. WOW! Plus, I Never had to go through the hastle of paystubs, past tax returns, samples of blood, (HAHA, JK!), and endless phone calls to get approved and funded.
I would recommend AVANT to all my friends and family in the same need for a personal loan w/ decent rates."
"From start to finish, Avant has truly provided a great experience. Very friendly and professional staff. Update and support as your loan is being processed. I highly recommend Avant for future financial services."
I have already submitted a review. Was very pleased with the service I received.
"Date of experience: November 04, 2022"
I had just paid off a loan from AVANT and I was so happy that they gave me another one. I really needed it because my daughter is havin a baby and needed to do things to my house to make it better for my new Grandbaby
"Date of experience: November 01, 2022"
"Easy to apply, fast deposit and easy payment set up ."
"SCAM! FRAUD! I paid my account in full on 10/4/22. Payment Posted in my bank account 10/5/22. Avant received the payment and it posted, the account was closed down 10/6/22. Avant sent me an email confirming the account was closed down at my request. Without my knowledge! Avant did not close my account and on 10/17/22. Avant charged me $11.06 in interest on a account that was closed down on 10/6/22 on a $0 balance. Avant did not report my account closed until 10/20/22. Thinking this was an error! I contact Avant and had to deal with the most incompetent, uneducated, rude, lack of empathy, and disrespectful employees in my life! I got hung up on multiple times! The Supervisor Shaniece hung up on us was stand offish forgetting her ghetto attitude is not allowed at a place of business. My wife and I got hung up on multiple times by majorityof the time! I was advise it will take the company 14 days to respond to my complaint and it will be by email. The payment is due in 8 days on account that shouldn't exist. This payment they want it not much but it's the principally of them forcing and bullying me into paying, I believe because I closed my account. The reason I closed my account is because i felt the company was the weakest link amongst all my credit cards and before this i had 3 other horrible interactions which lead to me closing my account, the right way, paying my balance in full. I would highly recommend using another company for your financial needs. They claim all these calls are recorded so they can pull up them to confirm everything I've mentioned here!


Update: 11/15/2022
Avants response is an automated response! If Avant checked their records! They'd see i already did that multiple times and got a bullsh!t response supporting their decision. Their response below is to satisfy the person reading the review to assume Avant is on top of their customer complaints. They did nothing and told me they will do nothing! I was forced to pay their fraud charges or it would impact my credit score and my ""never missed a payment"". Do business with someone else to avoid my situation."
"Avant has been a miracle worker for me, I was in need of some financial help and it was awesome. Thanks for everything."
"Professionalism, courtesy and knowledge of the product. Totally recommendable"
They are actually very easy to do business with and always helpful.
"Date of experience: November 01, 2022"
"So far they have been true to their word. We received the money in 2 days. It is a 18 percent interest rate but when you need something in a pinch, you get what you get. I will update as I just only received it a week ago."
When trying to upload info on my assigned account I was having trouble with it and I reached out to the customer service for some assistance and they were right on it with the assisting me and everything was good.
"application was easy straight forward, advised of how the process was going to go"
"Straight to the point and easy, was instantly approved and received the money fast. My friend recommended Avant and said she loved them"
"Thank God I read reviews first. Alot of people have had there limit reduced for no reason that must be very frustrating. I will continue shopping else where, Also I heard there customer service is over seas big warning flag right there. __ __ Thanks review section for saving me a future headache"
"The process was so easy, like being able to upload all my paperwork. And customer service was helpful and nice"
"Date of experience: November 01, 2022"
"Date of experience: November 03, 2022"
Avant is the best loan center out there. They care about their costumers and go out of there way to help out any situation.
"Very Professional, and great customer service. Answered all my questions and mad the experience relatively painless and quick."
"Avant has an easy, user-friendly application process and I received a response within minutes of completing the application. It seems the credit score system they use is TransUnion which may be more forgiving for the fair-poor credit consumers.

The rates are manageable though the APR is a little on the medium-high side. Still, I would recommend Avant to a friend."
This process has been incredibly easy. I have had timely responses to my questions. And my funds were in my account in a couple of days!
"2nd loan with Avant always smooth and easy process. __ Payment is also affordable, which made it easy to say yes to. Additionally, there is no prepayment penalty if I want to pay it off earlier than 3yrs given."
Avant decreased my limit from $3000.00 to $300.00 and I had no balance on my card. The month prior I had a $49.95 balance which I paid on time. The letter they sent me said their was delinquency on my account. I made all my payments previously and had little to no balance for 2 months prior to the letter. This decrease has now negatively impacted my credit score. Very angry.
Quick and on point with details and time table of loan. I would recommend talking to Avant before checking with anyone else. Thank you and look forward to great business.
"Fast, easy with no fuss. This is my second time using Avant. I've had no issues with them."
Great experience. Very efficient website. I didn’t have to wait hours online talking to anyone. Received and email when I was approved.
Very uncomplicated process. Money received within 3 days of applying.
"My experience with avant has more than met my expectations.
Everyone was courteous and had my welfare first at all times.I was very pleased and will be an
ambassador for avant for a long, long time to come.And if I ever need help in the future I will be sure to remember Avant as my first choice.Thanks to all.And be blessed blessed."
"I have auto-pay and keep up to date with my payments. I had a credit line decrease unexpectedly. I searched for an email for the notification and found nothing. I then called customer service and asked them what happened and they said the did not have that information. I'm not waiting for a letter to be mailed to tell me why my credit line was decreased. Also embarrassing thinking I have credit to pay for something and not being able to because of this failure to communicate. I'm paying my bill and looking elsewhere for a credit card


In reply to Avant...
You didn't address the issue here. The point is my credit limit was decreased unknowingly without an email or phone call. On top of that your customer service was not able to give me an answer as to why. I have a good credit score and nothing had changed on my end as far as on-time payments yet you were unable to provide me with that critical information."
I am sooo thankful for avant. You financed my loan when nobody else would. I paid off most of my debt and now is manageable. I was stressing every day and now I can breath. I would recommend your company to everyone. Thanks are not enough. Fast and easy!!!!
I really needed to consolidate the few bills I had so I thought I'd try Avant. I was surprised and thankful that they lent me the money and I feel less stressed.
Easier this time than before. Thanks.
"After the application, the approval was timely and the service was personable."
Fast informative service. I needed a better way to mange my bills affordable and Avant did just that.
Very helpful very fast process was very helpful and fast
"Date of experience: October 28, 2022"
I enjoyed doing all the registration online. I have always been a speak to a live rep kind of person so it was very easy to work with online.
It was super easy to provide my information. Really fast response time even when i called i talked to a physical person not a robot. And payment was fast.
"Avant support is very great. The representative I spoke with was very helpful and informative. Also, my services I have received has been good to me. I really appreciate using Avant."
This was a quick and seamless process. I would recommend to anyone. Everything was clear and easy to understand.
"Awesome company, hassle free applying for loans. I'm a happy customer __"
My experience was easy and efficient. Thank to your customer relations I was thrilled. I would highly recommend the use of their services to others.
"Date of experience: November 02, 2022"
The loan process was so easy. Communication was always open with the representative.
"Where do I start? I had a $0 balance at the end of October because I paid in full. My statement cut on November 1 and shows I have an interest charge of $6.08 cents on a statement close balance of $0. How do you charge interest on $0 balance??? To make matters worse, they also reduced my credit limit what they call “behavior score too low"". I have a 701 TU FICO, 688 EXP, and 690 Equifax. Several other credit cards have raised my limit in the last month alone. I paid off in full and closed the account as of today. STAY AWAY from this card and WebBank in general."
As I was in the process of trying to leave a review the very first one I saw was my exact same experience. This is the shadiest credit company EVER. They set me up with a $3000 limit in August and because I don’t use the account often I received a letter stating that my limit was dropped to $300. The only reason why I got it was for my total available credit to increase. I am below 20% but wanted it lower since I am trying to buy a house. They also pulled my credit again without my permission. I closed my account and will be filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau. Save your time and don’t apply with them.
"Reduced my credit limit for what they call “frequency of overlimit activity”. Never went over my limit with this card or any others that I have. In fact, other credit cards raise my limit periodically. Tried emailing with no response. No one can tell you anything on the phone. I paid off in full and closed the account. Avant is not just one bank (web bank) but a group of lenders. I would stay away from this card or any other card associated with “web bank” in the future."
I've had this card since August 2022. Was approved for $3000. Yesterday I logged in to find I've been reduced to $300. I find this amount basically useless. I have emailed customer support and haven't heard anything. They collected my down payment and reduced the credit limit with no notice and absolutely no reason. I haven't even had time to use the card. I will be closing this account because it wasn't worth the down payment to be reduced to $300 from $3000.
"Very simple. Needed the money to get my wife to her surgery, figured I'd apply and was approved quickly."
Easy to apply. Good customer service fast response.
"Date of experience: October 13, 2022"
Paid off card and wanted to use it for future vacation. Had a 3000 limit and they reduced it to 300 for no reason and gave no warning or heads up. Customer support was very unhelpful and couldn't give me any info on why they decreased it.
i really like AVANT everything was smooth no problems .very fast .and i got what i asked for
The process was very easy and approval quick
Quick easy process and had money sooner than expected
"I have a great experience with Avant they took a chance on me, It increase my credit score because of them I'm so happy and confident now."
Really great company. Helped me out when I needed it with a good interest rate.
"this company started me at 750.00 never had any issues over 3 years having them and I get a letter that said my score was not proper in their system so they dropped me to 300 credit line ..lol i have 21 trade lines and this is the LOWEST i have is them they also called a false fraud as I tried to use my card, I canceled this today what trash....


so UPDATE i call them so lucky to talk to one of the savvy indian represenatives that had little understanding at all,, and prior to that I had to make 3 calls 2 people hung up on me ,, and one person was clueless,, yep u guess it none of them from USA>.."
"Date of experience: October 28, 2022"
"I was approved for a credit card, and asked them to send it to a p o box... fair warning...THIS COMPANY DOES NOT ACCEPT A P O BOX AS A MAILING ADDRESS.. which is ridiculous.. if you can't get mail at your physical address DO NOT APPLY... and also they won't shut your card down if you ask them to. They also are very rude and won't help you take care of shutting your card down. Don't waste your time!.. Just so you all know.. The people that are giving them a 5 star rating was ""invited"".. The ones giving them a bad rating has not been invited to give a review... Just an observation."
"Stay Away From Avant. I was a avant card holder with a 3k credit limit, never used near the limit, paid the bill in full early and with no notice I seen online my credit limit was reduced to $300, after confirming with customer service it was not an error I asked why and was told there was no reason but that they can do this, so I decided to close the account and the rep actually asked me why I was closing the account, my reply was I don't need a reason just as you didn't need a reason to cut my limit. Evidentally this is common business for this company as I have read several reviews from people that had the same thing happen to them recently."
Quick and easy application. Fast approval and funds.
"I have had an Avant credit card for seven years. In that time, they have never increased my credit limit from the $300 initial limit I received when I got the card even though I have never missed a payment and have always paid more than the minimum. In the meantime, I have received other cards from much larger companies with better reputations who have given much higher credit limits (after an initial lower limit) which I maintain and pay each month without issue! Don't bother with this high interest card that does nothing for you in the long run!! Mine will be cancelled as soon as it is paid off! (Which is not long from now.)"
Terrible customer service. Will not remove 2 fraudulent charges from my account. I have had to hire an attorney because shelbi from fruad department refuses to call me back after 18 messages I've left. Hopefully when they find out they are being sued because of her she is fired. Can't wait till they get the subpoena for the lawsuit. All over less than 100 and now they will spend thousands on attorneys fees and will pay my attorney when I win. They will not fix anything. Stay far away from them
Easy application didn't take long and was deposited into my account when I was told
"Absolutely horrible. I had a $3000 line. My balance was high, right around 2800. I've made all my payments on time, and then a few days ago I went ahead and paid it off so we'd have credit for our upcoming wedding as well as to increase my score because im getting ready to buy a house. I logged in today and not only did they take my 2800 payment, they immediately decreased my line to 300. I sold a beloved family possession to pay this off and now I'm heartbroken that I seemed to have done it for no reason. They refuse to tell me why and only said ""you'll receive a letter"". Absolutely terrible that they can do this on a whim, especially to customers who never miss payments. This will end up decreasing my credit score to a point that I'll not be eligible for my home loan now and we are likely going to end up in the streets soon. I'll be immediately closing this account. DO NOT GET THIS CARD!"
"The customer service isn’t the best and I was getting frustrated and thought that they were wasting my time and I wouldn’t receive the loan, but I was approved and received the loan. Avant really came through for me."
Avant was perfect...delivered on time with no hassles. Can't ask for more!
Avant- have made the process so quick and easy!
My previous review sparked a response from Avant to call customer service and they would resolve the issues. I emailed and called the following day only to again get denied for a credit increase. I have recently received automatic increases on all of my other cards (CLI +8K) and still this company has me stuck at $300. Stay far away from this bogus company.
"My loan approval was painless and to the point, received my funds quickly right into my bank account as they said, just in time for our new roof we needed badly.
You saved us Avant, thank you."
Avant made my experience easy and quick to process and get the $$$ I needed in comparison to other companies that make you jump through hoops to even get started...Highly recommend !!
Approval was instant and funds were deposited in a timely manner.
"This card company is useless they give you a credit limit and you use it. Oh no you cannot use it. They decrease your credit limit because you used it that is so stupid. What else are you supposed to do with a credit card if it’s there if you need to use it, so what if you use it especially if you pay it right back this card is stupid and its useless."
Fast response. Loan application easy to read. The lengthy time before payment is due. The ability to pay off early without penalties.
If you are looking for a great loan experience look no further. Honestly I got my money quickly and the process is straight forward. Just upload your documents and get your money fast. I had a high internet credit card thanks to Avant- I took care of it.
"I opened up a card account with Avant and started with a $1,500 credit limit. I used it for travel and car rental. My last trip I used $1,400 of my available credit and when I returned home I paid the balance in full before the statement period ended. As, I was preparing for my most recent trip. I attempted to use my card to reserve a car and that's when I learned my available credit had been decreased to $300 with no notice or justification. I've NEVER been late or missed a payment.
So, there was no reason for the decrease or the embarrassment that I was put through. I see from other comments, this is a normal practice of AVANT. This company is a fraud and misleading when having you apply. DO NOT APPLY for a card with them. When they do this it DIRECTLY IMPACTS your credit negatively!!! I'll certainly close my account and stop doing business with this unethical company. I'll also contact the BBB and the states Attorney Generals office. I encourage those with similar experiences to do the same."
What most impressed me was how quick the process went. No hassles. Just submit the required documents and receive the loan you need immediately. I would highly recommend Avant when you need a loan fast
"Date of experience: October 12, 2022"
No BS no hassle !!!!!! They were up front with nothing hidden.
"Date of experience: October 04, 2022"
Was a very easy process . I have used your company before and have had no problems
"Wow, I just became another statistic. I started at $2000 credit limit and just found out yesterday, my limit went down to $300. This company is a fraud. They like to collect your annual fee and if your not keeping a high balance You get PENALIZED. Ridiculous!!! I have other credit cards and never seen such thing. I am also closing this account. If you read this, please do not be fooled!!"
"I am highly disappointed with the banks i deal with. Avant made my loan easy and made me know were on same page. i had late payments in the past years, currently one debts and was denied a $6000 loan. I had $3400 in my checking account and i am currently self employed. Avant connected me with a lender and i have a loan in less than an hour . Perfect, i will remember who helped me in time of emergency getto the lender easy 6099759611 by textt. Thank you Avant"
As before the loan process was quick and system was easy enough to complete.
"My family was going through a rough time when my mother in law past away October 10th __ while we were struggling trying to figure out what to do,I checked my mail and received a letter with a code that I could use if I apply for a personal loan.And I’m happy to say that it took only a few minutes for me to apply and I got approved __ thank you for being a life saver __ with your help,we got everything that we needed for our dear Mother’s funeral and other stuff that our family/children also needed! Avan, you’re the best and I would love to recommend anyone who needs help urgently to check this out,THANK YOU __"
Quick and painless. Easy to use and has a mobile site as well.
"Swift responses, no hassle communicated effectively"
Had avant credit started with 1500 3 months in having the card day Decrease my credit limit to 300 Bad company
I only had this card for 4 months in good standing had nice credit limit than without warning they deceased it I didn't ask for increase or anything misleading to get you to apply and than within months deceased your limit hurt my credit score. Disappointed Avant No thank you I'm not about to get ran around from your customer service and that's automatic reply that you use like you really care fool me once not again there is no Resolution you know it so do I you wouldn't have done it first place.Update week after this review I get an letter about my credit score and stupid delinquent payments I had to laugh how stupid it was there is nothing wrong with my credit or have delinquent payments or account behavior whatever that means my credit is monitored and I get notified if anything going on that's how I found out about deceased and my score was harmed by Avant and I'm glad I never signed up for auto pay I keep getting emails asking to sign up no thank you I can find out when my payment was received thru money orders I send on time I have no delinquent payments with Avant and to say so is criminal I'm watching them closely until I close this account. Please be aware of this company.
"Date of experience: October 11, 2022"
"When every lender we declining or applying large origination fees, Avant was there to help with avoiding all of this issues. Thanks"
"Only had the credit card for a few months when all of a sudden they sent a letter telling me they lowered my credit limit, do not recommend getting a credit card through Avant."
"Stay away from this Financial Company. The loan process is misleading and the amount you pay back and monthly payment is not what is told. Also, you are locked into Autopay NO MATTER WHAT. But, you can close your account and then open a new one with different account numbers and that can get you out of autopay. Not happy at all with how the process went. If I had it to do all over again.... I wouldn't."
Very knowledgeable. Good customer service.
Just got a letter that they decreased my available credit from $500 to $300 based on my credit. I’ve only had the card since February 2022 and paid my balances off monthly. My credit has not changed since getting this card so I don’t understand the change. I’m paying this $59 off and I’m done with this card! Don’t get this card!!!!
"Date of experience: October 06, 2022"
Great experience. I applied and had the funds in a few days.
This was my first time using an online service and the process was so simple. Avant- staff was helpful and extremely friendly. The entire process was easy and non-stressful. Definitely made a future customer out of me!
"My experience was awesome.
It could not have been easier.
Just a few questions and it was done.
My money was available in my bank in 48 hours.
I highly recommend, very satisfied so far."
I think the decreased happened to everyone who has a credit card with them depending your balance that’s how they decreased you
Avant was there for me when the need was the greatest… Much appreciated.
Ease of application process and timely approval was very much appreciated.
The process was soo easy. I am thankful they were there for me to fulfill my project.
"Date of experience: October 04, 2022"
Great experience! Made it very easy to get a loan.
"Date of experience: October 13, 2022"
"They started me off with $1,500 credit limit. I have always paid my bill early. I went to make a purchase and it got declined. I looked at my account and they lowered my limit substantially. No one ever told me anything. Then I call ""customer service"" after 10 minutes on phone the guy said he couldn't help me and for me to email customer service. I emailed customer service and they told me by their records it was handled over the phone. No communication at all!! I am paying off my account and closing it. They are horrible. They want me to call or email to resolve this issue. I tried that originally and got no where. They do NOT communicate with people. The phone people say one thing and the email say something completely different. Waste of time"
"I paid my balance with the anticipation of using my card at the Hotel for my vacation to Europe this week.
WITHOUT NOTICE MY CREDIT LINE WAS CUT TO $500!!
When I called customer service they said I was going to get a letter in 7-10 days, well, I'm going away in 3 days and with no credit card to use for the Hotel check in, I'll be staying on the street!!
THEY TOOK MY VACATION MONEY!
I HAVE NEVER BEEN LATE AND INSTEAD OF REWARDING A GOOD PAYING CUSTOMER THEY CUT MY CREDIT LINE.
I have called twice and written emails with NO response so I decided to write this review at 3AM since I can't sleep worried about how am I going to afford my trip..the $1200 airfare is non refundable!! I would have never paid this card so much, I should have just given them the $30 minimum due.
NOW WHAT AVANT??
THANK YOU FOR TAKING MY MONEY!

***AVANT STANDARD RESPONSE TO MY REVIEW WAS SENT TODAY MAKING THEM SEEM LIKE THEY CARE! THEY DONT!
THAT PHONE NUMBER AND RESPONSE IS NOT VALID.. THEY CANNOT PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION, THEY CANNOT HELP AND THEY SUGGESTED I SUBMIT A REQUEST FOR A CREDIT LINE INCREASE!!! REALLY? THEY JUST CUT MY LINE... NOW I'M GOING TO APPLY SO THAT THEY COULD DING MY CREDIT!!
STILL WAITING FOR A **REAL** ANSWER"
"I initially never had a problem. I had a 1500 credit limit. I ALWAYS paid my balance in time, either in full or over half, every month. Yesterday I logged on to make a payment only to discover they had dropped my credit limit from 1500 to 300. That is INSANE. If anything I should have been given an increase for ALWAYS using my credit responsibly and NEVER being late. They've actually just hurt my credit with their actions. Pretty sad to do that to someone who has been a responsible user and never been late in payments. I closed my account which is also going to hurt my credit, but I guess it's better than being involved with a company that has no values. Good riddance."
"my payment went through 3 days early- when i called to see why- it took 3 calls because the line kept getting disconnected. finally when i spoke to someone she informed me that because my scheduled payment day was on a monday- they would of course take out the funds on friday??? the call center is overseas so needless to say i just had a lot of "" i do understand your frustration "" ""but unfortunately"" with no resolution. this is only my 2nd payment so it does feel like a shame that i would have a negative experience so early."
"Date of experience: October 05, 2022"
Had a $1500 credit line with them I always make sure I pay on time and I’m pretty good about paying off the balance in full with a month discovered they reran my credit 6 months in and cut my credit line in half a week ago as such I’m canceling my card in 2 weeks when I pay off the current balance. STAY FAR AWAY!
"I am very happy that I was approved for the loan! The completion of the review and the settlement of the funds was very fast!

With all that said, I will add that the customer service has not been great thus far. I needed to call in to confirm my email (found that the confirmation was going to spam folder) and I was hung up on. It might have been a mistake/ disconnection, but the attitude of the agent made me further believe that I was hung up on."
"Nether, Avant gave me a date that my loan will be in my account and it was."
Easy online forms and fast verification
"Date of experience: October 13, 2022"
"Was approved for an amount. Was never late, always paid statement amount. Just made $1000.00 payment and they dropped my credit line. No reason. STAY AWAY."
"Fast and easy loan application process, with positive results!"
Professional and speed was amazing you covered all the bases anyone would expect. I use Credit Karma alot and you were highly recommended by them and Thank You ! AAA +++ service !
I am so thankful that my loan was approved. Thank so much. It’s a very good experience.
Very helpful and easy to work with. Will tell everyone about Avant.
"Date of experience: October 12, 2022"
Fantastic!!!!
"Everything is going well, I do like the service. Thanks"
"Date of experience: October 18, 2022"
This process so so easy and I was able to obtain the funds the next day. I am very pleased with Avant and would recommend them.
Everything was done decently and in order and sufficient very easy to apply
"I really appreciated the streamlined, no-hassle, straightforward application process. The organization and professionalism makes for a wonderful business model."
"Bad experience and don't keep their words.

I applied for a personal loan through avant to consolidated my credit card debt. I was informed I had a outstanding approval so I went ahead an applied for a loan. My credit score was 640 with annual pay $45k. Submitted all supporting document's hoping my loan is almost approved, however I received an application that my application is cancelled and loan was declined without giving any reason. It's so frustrating if you cant keep your word don't give hopes."
"Quick decision, Money deposited with in 24 hours of approval"
Easy Online Application quick approval process would recommend highly
"Easy process. Very quick approval. I was skeptical at first, but this is not a scam it's legit"
When I applied for the card they advertised and told me that my credit line would be Dubbed when I payed the first 6 payments did not happen. When I called to ask about it I was told they would have to check my credit to see if they could increase it instead they cut my credit limit in half and I made my payment and they refunded it. Don’t know what I’m talking about they did not refund my payment. Also when I make a payment on auto bill pay it takes them 3 week to post payment and try to charge late payment fee. Tried to talk to a supervisor told no and hung up on me. There web page advertisement personalized service. Beware
"I would give negative stars if I could. This card has TERRIBLE customer service. They sent an email offering help to those of us hit by Hurricane Ian, in the form of no late fees. I called to confirm this and ask to skip the payment for October, to which the agent said I could. I skip the payment and am immediately inundated with late payment emails. I call again and the first person I spoke to told me I hadn’t made my August payment and that was why I was getting the emails. I made two payments in July, one on the first for July and one on the 29th for August. Then, when I got a supervisor on the phone, he told me my September AND October payments were late and I told him I was looking at my statements and September was paid on the 3rd. He refused to uphold what the agent that had told me about being able to skip the payment. Thanks for not assessing late fees, but no thanks for the late payment mark on my credit score. I will pay this garbage card off as soon as I can and get rid of it. Stay away from Avant!!"
"I sent everything through and 3 days later I got the loan amount I needed. I was very happy it came in time for what I needed it for, monthly payments are low which is great as well!"
i think avant is great i would rate them A plus and this is not my loan with them great job avant keep it up.
"Date of experience: October 12, 2022"
"It was very easy and fast , funding the next day"
at first had problem with avant I did not get the imformation they want on time my fault but after all every thing went good got all the information in on time and just a few days later I got my money thanks again for trusting in me for the loan
very helpfull excellent serice
Everything was great and smooth my 2nd loan was great as always
"The process was simple and straightforward. However, could not change the terms of the loans with starting the process over again. Which required paying the fund fee twice."
"Date of experience: October 18, 2022"
Fast easy got my money in 2 business days
"One of the worst credit card companies yet. Made a very big mistake by applying for this card just know that in a time of need or natural disaster they will not help you as they will tell you that it goes against company policy to help you out with any late fees as such Due to not being able to pay credit card payment. For example, I work outside I live in South Florida, and was affected by hurricane Ian due to the amount of rain that it left behind. I asked for a late fee waiver due to me, not being able to work because of all the rain and it was denied due to company policy , not due to being a committed customer. Very bad company. I understand that most people will write good reviews, but it’s only because they were not faced with certain situations as others, like myself. I asked to speak with a supervisor in which they can only repeat what the associate would say naturally. The supervisors are no help. They’re just there to repeat policy “” they also did not leave a reference number for me so they can reply to me directly, they do not care about their customers they care only for the money, which I believe is a robbery."
"Date of experience: October 17, 2022"
"It’s pretty high interest, but if your in a hole they can help out fast and easy. Thanks"
"Wonderful experience. Easy application process and simple breakdown of what information (correspondence needed).

The easiest and stress free loan I've ever done."
I have tried a couple of tines to fill out an application. Not user friendly. Waiting for loan info and suddenly they want a review. You do not wanty review. I need the loan first.
I was told that it was 90 days free interest. As long as there were no late fees. I paid them off in three month . No refund they actually reported a return a late payment. Even though money came right out of my account. Plus I paid extra before due date to be sure it was paid in time. I never got my refund and I could not get thru to any one phone was always busy.
Shady company. Payment did not go through and then the website had bugs preventing me update my payment information. The website said they were experiencing errors. I'd say I don't recommend this company based on the error I experienced.
"Takes a long time to show the available credit, for the payment. like 2 weeks. Most credit cards and banks are quicker. :("
The way you do business sucks. I am trying to build and you are holding me back. After this year I plan to close this account permanently
I haven’t had any issues with my credit card. Customer service is awesome. I had to move my payment date and they were willing to work with me. They do report to the credit bureaus and my credit scores reflect it. Also I haven’t been late with a payment with this card or any of my other credit cards.
Thank you Avant for giving me a chance!
My payment went through twice talk to someone more than 3 times said I had to wait 2-3 weeks no one ever got back to me. I called 10/4/22 and they couldn't give me My refund or give me a reason why .so I closed my account .terrible lying to people
"Absolutely ridiculous process and worst customer service agents. Was ""disconnected"" or hung up on 3 times. Kept asking for more information which I'd immediately provide only to get an email saying my application was canceled due to inactivity."
Bad customer service and the are slow company I never see there a lot better company with easy process
"WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE! MISSED PYMT DUE TO COVID. WHEN MADE AWARE CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE! WAS TOLD LATE FEE WOULD BE REMOVED. NEVER DON E! NOW NEXT PYMT DUE AND IF I DON'T PAY THE LATE FEE ANOTHER LATE FEE WILL BE APPLIED! ORIGINAL CALL WAS REFUSED BEING ABLE TO SPEAK TO SUPERVISOR. ASKED FOR SUPERVISOR CALL BACK, ALSO NEVER HAPPENED. WAANT MY DUE DATE CHANGED 2 DAYS SO ALL MY BILLS COULD BE PAID ONCE THRU A BILL PYMT SERVICE AND WAS ALSO REFUSED. EVERYONE ELSO WAS HAPPY TO COMPLY. BAD COMPANY TO DEAL WITH!"
Got an email that said they increased my credit limit from $500 to $750. I log in and it says my credit limit is $300. Have been calling for 3 days to figure out what happened and they keep saying the system is down.
"Blocked me from using my funds on 9/26 because of a payment due on 9/25.... Get this, which I paid on the 25th on time. First, I've never had a company block funds because of a late payment by a day, but the facts are that payment was made on time and not late. They can see it in their system as pending and won't unblock until it posts, which we all know takes a couple of business days. So the majority of their customers would have to be having their funds blocked for payments they make on time, on their due date, while their payments are in pending. I even explained I'm visiting my dying dad in ICU and needed a hotel and they refused to do anything even though they can see my payment was made on time. Then, I was told that my payment would go through at the end of the day 9/26 and unblocked for 9/27. I called back 9/27 and it's still blocked, with the agent telling me it's still in pending even though I can see payment posted with a thank you note. I will never ever use this company again and am paying it off and recommend no one else use them. This policy of theirs was not in the terms and conditions when applying for credit.

Edit to reply to Avant's reply: Why would I waste more time calling you when I've called three times and even spoke to a supervisor? My dad is dying, I don't need to waste my time with a company like you who didn't try to make it right several times."
"Edit 9/30/22 - Avant announced via email that all Avant deposit accounts would be closed by 11/30/22 due to their partnership with Evolve B&T ending. Avant launched their deposit account product in December of 2021, so this product will have existed for less than a year by the time it shuts down. So much for helping underserved people huh? Shutting their bank account down after 9 months.

I will leave the rest of my original review untouched, but this review was written before the shutdown notice was released to any individual customer.

Avant sucks. Never forget that.



I would never ever recommend Avant bank to anyone. Not in a million years.

First off, they trick you into opening an account. Like many of you, I was looking for a credit card for those with low credit scores looking to rebuild their credit. I came across the Avant card and applied for it. After applying, I wasn’t actually told if I was approved or not, I was just told “thanks for applying. We have something else that might help you.” I actually didn’t realize this was for a checking account, but wanting the credit card I continued. Then I see I was denied the credit card. So what the heck did I just open? A checking account. Cool, so now I’m stuck with this checking account I don’t really want, but if there’s a chance they can help me achieve a healthier financial life, I thought why not. Moved all my money over, all my bill payments, all my direct deposit, and closed my old checking account. Avant was my future for banking, I guess.

That was just over 2 months ago. Now, about 9 total weeks after opening the account, I’ve closed my Avant checking account and want to warn everyone who might read this to stay the heck away from them.

Continuing with their flaws, this is an anemic checking account. I haven’t been able to confirm whether or not they actually use Chexsystems, but I would assume they don’t; in that case, there’s literally no reason to open this account unless for some reason you’re not able to open one with Chime or SoFi, two other non-Chexsystems fintech companies that offer completely free feature-rich checking AND savings accounts. Avant deposit accounts are checking-only (no savings account offering whatsoever) with no APY, no Zelle, no checks, no check deposit (mobile or physical), no cash deposit, no physical locations, no peer-2-peer payment system whatsoever, no dedicated bill pay, a really bad ATM system (not even AllPoint offering), and most importantly, really bad account limits. They also code transactions like Cash App and Apple Cash as “ATM withdrawals,” which means that you can kiss goodbye any chance of using your Avant account to pay rent (since there are no checks either), as their ATM limits are hard-capped at $310 unless you’ve been their customer for over a year.

Next, let’s talk about their support. It basically doesn’t exist. They’re a bank that uses a ticket-based customer support system, which should already be a red flag for most people. If it isn’t, I should tell you now that despite this ticket-based support system, customer support will still go out of their way to waste your time. I was trying to close my account and was asked to give a reason why, as well as to confirm with the last 4 of my SSN and my DOB. I gave them the last 4 and my DOB, and they came back hours later with a copy-paste of the same message asking for a reason why I’m closing my account. Yes, they make you wait hours for a response but will still pester you for your opinion. Instead of just being a decent customer service representative and processing my request, they had to waste my time one last time before I ceased being their customer. Fantastic job. The most ironic thing was them telling me “here are some reasons you might wanna rethink your decision.” If there was any chance of me rethinking my decision, it was erased the moment you proved that you have NO respect whatsoever for my time. Aside from that, they have a phone number that you can call that isn’t 24/7 (no 24 hour line whatsoever), and that’s it. And just as the icing on the cake, Google is pretty much useless if you have this account; all Google results are tailored to their credit card, so whenever you search “Avant” or “Avant checking” with your problem, the ONLY results you’ll receive will either be insanely basic or won’t be relevant because they’ll be tailored towards another product. So in my mind, this bank account has no value if you value customer support at all.

All in all, Avant’s checking/deposit account is just kinda pointless. An anemic account with no features, you’d be far better off with a local credit union or something like SoFi or Chime. With no customer support to back it up, this account is completely pointless and I recommend you look elsewhere if you care about your money.

Thanks for reading!"
"Applying for $1000 loan was customer friendly, and in terms of functionality."
Avant will offer you a credit line after a hard inquiry & then take the offer off the table saying you don't qualify. The company is extremely unprofessional in doing an inquiry approving you then taking it off the table. Now who does that??????? that is truly legit sure not Capital one or Navy Federal.
"Date of experience: September 21, 2022"
Thank you so much appreciate
Not happy at all with the customer service!!!!!
Avant was very helpful in my request for an increase to my credit card. It will truly help me in the future. Thanks to them!
"S T O P ! ! ! ! ! Trust me I was just like you. I thought they were the best sweetest company just like you and for credit bump and another credit increase. But, when I got sick from my job and almost lost every including my car I asked them to initially work with me and they refused. To please give me time until I try to fight for my disability money that I was fighting for. I asked please stop making it harder for me since I have always made all my payments with a zero balance. They refused. Do not be fooled by this card company because now I am still sick and every month they are sending me a bill the says now late payment 795.00 due and it keeps going up my credit limit was only 1200.00 please stay far away from this company because I gave them at one time an excellent rating until I saw the true side of avant- don’t say I didn’t warn you"
"Great experience so far and thank you for the credit increase,loved."
I love my Avant card! It has helped me so much! They give increases often and I've never had any issues with my card or card services.
"Applied for Avant card thru Credit Karma or Experian (can't recall which though...). Approval was fast and easy! Got card within 2 weeks. Used the card judiciously and always paid before or on time. Started off w $300 line. Several months later line was increased to $500 then maybe 1-2 months later they doubled my line to $1000. They've been very generous with increases with responsible use. The Avant mobile app is great for managing account, making payments, etc. I also use their online portal for acct management. Great company! I'm very happy with my Avant card."
Payment takes too long to arrive and post if paid through my bank like I do for every other credit which post in 2-3 days max. I have to call in my payment now. Also this is the only credit card that I pay an annual fee for and not sure what for.
"Great card, I love it"
This is a very good card fast and easy approval. And much more I even got a personal loan to.. and all in one place when making payments I recommend it to everyone.
"Quick and easy loan application. It was so quick I was nervous that I was being hacked! I ended up calling a rep because my log on locked and wouldn't allow me entry. I'm ""guessing"" that was a security method to change my password. At any rate, rep was very nice, like where are these people??? This is no longer the norm with customer service. I could have requested a higher loan but only needed to pay a quick bill to build my score even higher. I was approved in minutes."
They increase my credit line when I needed it the most! I am forever grateful.
The second customer service rep was awesome! I was unhappy with the first call! I hung up called back and had an excellent experience! Not saying the first was bad I just did not care for the communication!
This card has regularly increased my credit limit and easy to make payments
Ive been with avant for over a year and think there wonderful as well as excellent customer service. Thank you Anita
"Date of experience: September 12, 2022"
I have been with Avant for almost two years and i love the random increases and if there are any issues you can call and they will address them with no issues.
"Date of experience: September 09, 2022"
"I applied for a loan on 8/31 through Regions bank and Avant is their waterfall lender for people with fair credit. I was prequalified with Avant and the initial process was great. My credit score was 630 on 8/31 as I received the letter from Regions showing my credit score on Expiearn and also Transunion.

Here is the part that would make anyone scream... This all took place over a week. Numerous times having to submit documents.

After I submitted the application- I had to sync my bank accounts-Provide paystubs-Provide copies of my IRA statement-Provide my spouse's paystubs. Everything I sent lined up with my application. They requested these documents over the course of a week. When you call you will get zero help- I mean ZERO help.

I tried emailing and my email was not responded to for three days. When it was to was of Zeto help.

When you go to their dashboard to check the status or see what's going on.. all it says is you have things to do and your application is going to expire. But when you call them about it- they say there is nothing you need to do and nothing to turn in continue checking your dashboard, but you do and it says it is about to expire, and yet you need to do nothing. If it expires they have you reapply which is another hard inquiry on your credit report.

I have never written a review before but was so mad about this process I had to share my experience.

I'm sure this company and loan program are and have been wonderful options for many. For me, it was such a runaround and horrible experience."
Very good card and i have had excellent experience with customer service.
"If I could give 0 stars I would. I paid $365 on a personal loan today and only $130 went towards paying it off everything else was interest and a bunch of stuff that was in the small print I just did not understand. Please be extremely careful Avant does not want to help you they want to rape you take full of vantage of you while you’re in a vulnerable position just trying to get ahead in life. This is exactly how the rich stay rich and the poor stay poor, fool me once shame on you,this will never happen again to me. I had a really hard life, and now within the past five years I’ve been able to get my life on track build credit and do some things now I’m at a point where I want to move forward and I just wanted to consolidate some things and move forward efficiently instead I completely screwed myself dealing with Avant. Now I have to wait to buy house for me and my family and do other things in life because of Avant. If you deal with this company you are not moving forward,you are moving backwards while they are moving forward with your money please don’t do it just work hard and pay your stuff off like I should’ve did. I work very hard for my money I guess I should’ve just been a little more patient in paying stuff off, because in the end that’s the way the situation would’ve paid off the best. Avant are organized thugs that are legitimately robbing people that don’t have nothing to begin with."
The loan application was quick and easy. We had our money in our account the next day!! Thank you Avant!1
Thank you so much for making this a very quick experience.
Easy to pay and pay on time you get increase
Very easy to use phone app. Good card to use.
I’m very pleased with the service I received today ! The credit line increase was needed.
Didn’t take much time and got the money pretty quickly.
Avant card is simple to use with a clean interface. Went to see if I was eligible for a credit limit increase. Made a request inside the mobile app and I was instantly approved for a $250 increase. New credit limit $1250.
This is first time using Avant and I must admit the process was very easy. I was able to payoff my credit cards and consolidate to one payment a month
I think Avant is a great credit card to have. I really like the fact that you can make the payments with your debit card from your bank account which automatically debits the payment from your bank account instead of waiting the 3 days for the bank payment to clear. The Interest rate is low and after making consistent payments you are able to receive a credit increase. The website is also very easy to navigate through. I highly recommend this card.
"Helped with money needed to consolidate credit cards. Received reasonable rate and payment terms. Easy application process, money deposited within 3 days. Very satisfied with my experience."
"Called customer service and talked to Jacklyn, about a charge on my account that shouldn't be there, she couldn't help me and sent me to fraud dep. and talked with shameless who had no clue how to help me and I asked for a supervisor and she wouldn't connect me to one, THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!! I just decided to close my account, which now I have to call another number!!! NO THANKS!"
"RIDICULOUS HOOPS to jump through

A scammer opened an account in my name through Avant, because they make the process super easy for scammers, and tried to get funds. Those funds were denied apparently. But these are the hoops Avant wants people to jump through for them to acknowledge scammers hurting YOUR CREDIT through THEIR COMPANY PRACTICES.

Don't do business with them. The reviews from customers make it clear Avant will WASTE HOURS of your time to clear up any issues you run into with them.

EMAIL RECEIVED FROM AVANT:

Thank you for contacting Avant. Your account has been forwarded to us because you have indicated that you do not believe you applied for credit from Avant. Avant has been able to locate an account in your name. It is important to note that the application in question has not been funded. However, an inquiry may have been initiated by Avant into your credit profile. Inquiries can affect your credit score and are visible to third parties viewing your credit report. If you still believe you have not applied for credit from Avant, please take the following steps:

1. Print and complete the attached “Identity Theft Victim’s Complaint and Affidavit” (“Affidavit”). The Affidavit must explicitly mention Avant in order to be accepted. You must have the Affidavit (item 22 on page H-6) witnessed by a Notary Public. If you elect not to complete the attached Affidavit, you must file a Law Enforcement Report, described in item 20 on page H-5 of the Affidavit, or an IC3 referral form. The law enforcement Report or IC3 referral form must explicitly reference Avant in order to be accepted. Filing a false Law Enforcement Report may result in criminal prosecution with penalties up to a felony conviction.

2. Deliver the Affidavit, Law Enforcement Report or IC3 referral form and any other supporting evidence of identity theft you may have, to Avant via email, fax or mail."
"I thought this was a good idea...but no. I applied for an received an Avant card. The very first time I used it, it was declined. When I called, the rep said their systems were down. So I asked where could I go to find out if they were having issues like that before I tried to use it. The answer: No where. Good luck.
Then, when I was able to use it, and went online to pay the bill, I called and asked when would my payment be posted to my account. They said within one day. BUT it would not be considered available credit for 10-15 days. So really you really only have access to the the available credit on the card about 15 days out of the month? Why is it Capital One and Chase can post a payment the day you pay them and Avant needs 15 days. Paid off the card and stuck it in a drawer. Useless.

UPDATE: So I reached out to Avant like their response said and asked how they were going to ""fix the situation."" And their response was no response. The reply said to email them. And then when I did, they said I had to call. Guess what will happen when I call? This company posts responses to these reviews as a way to seem like they are listening. They are not. Clearly. #reallybadmarketing"
"This company is operating illegally and should not be used by any service member! They have refused to comply with the Ohio SCRA benefits and state they are in compliance with all state and federal laws and are committing fraud! DO NOT USE THEM! They will try and charge you a high interest rate even with federal and state laws protections that are to be in place! Google Ohio SCRA and it clearly states that refusal to apply this benefit could result in jail time! The CEO needs to be held accountable for hiring people who fail to have a companies best interest and my contract needs to be voided! I have contacted the Ohio attorney general, filed a complaint with the BBB, and will notify the military branches of their unethical practices."
They are great at Avant!! The Customer Service have great people working there! When I need an credit increase they sure help me get it! I have been with them almost 3 years with them and I’m never leaving! If you don’t have an Avant card? You should get one! Thank you Avant! __
You guys help me out of a bind when I needed it and thank you
I was so pleased of Avant excellent good service.They are very helpful no hazzle no dazzle Avanti will help you in times of your need in fast quick accurate response.I was so inpressed i receive what I need in 3 days.I fully recommend to everyone to come for help at Avant financial.They will surely help you honestly full of compassion and care.
"I apied for a personal loan. I have a fico score of 715.and 27%credit usage according to experian. They turned me down because of late payments during the pandemic lock down. My income for the next year and a half is increased substantially.
Great understanding of a crisis situation. And one that is highly unusual. I will not consider them in the future.

follow up i did receive the reasons and they are because of late payments during the lock down,"
I love Avant. They were the only company that would issue me a personal loan when I really needed it. They have also increased my credit limit twice on my card.
"The credit increase I received vs my account status and history, income, and credit score was an absolute joke."
"This was a horrible experience. There was nothing fast about it at all. This would have been my 3rd loan through Avant. It would appear they only finance high interest loans and once your credit score goes up they are no longer interested in financing you since you qualify for a lower rate. It's a disgrace. I full intend to reach out to their corporate offices due to this terrible experience. I spent over 3 hours in the last 3 days trying to get an answer and all I got was the runaround. I don't know what changes have been made to their personnel over the last 2 years, but it is terrible. I would not recommend Avant to anyone."
The best I've been able to submit payments and have seen my credit go up by utilizing this card.
Great organization to deal with.
The online application process was quite simple. The turnaround for the decision was prompt. It was much easier this time around than the first request.
It's an awesome card. It reports to all 3 credit bureaus and they give credit raises!! I haven't ever had any problems work them. I love my card!!
"Date of experience: August 25, 2022"
So far so good. No issues yet with this card. Had it do awhile now and it’s been a great card for building credit.
Avant was one of the first credit cards I applied for when rebuilding my credit several years ago. I've been happy with the card and recently they increased my limit - an unexpected surprise.
Wonderful card. No problems or complaints at all. Very satisfied!!
The process was very easy . Good for someone who is trying to build their credit. My money was deposited in 3 days .
So far happy with this card. I’ve had it for a year now and have received 2 credit limit increases. 1 at 6 months and 1 at 12 Months. I keep this card for credit growth- only using it for my streaming service payments. No issues
"It's one of the very few good cards for building credit. They give credit increases, if you pay on time every month of course, unlike most of the others. They're interest rate is also comparatively low.
I recommend them"
"I have been with them for 2 yrs now and haven’t had any problems
Just got a credit increase which was a surprise"
"this credit card has helped me build my credit! and the credit increase helped a lot, thank you"
"Date of experience: August 24, 2022"
They've been very attentive to usage and any suspicion of fraud. It has been helpful with credit building as well. Awesome card and customer service so far!!
Great card will work with you and will help you raise your credit score thanks avant
"I never opened an account with Avant. They keep sending me ""Thank you for choosing Avant"" emails and asking me to review, so here it is. I have had my credit frozen and nothing new has been opened. They keep phishing for something. Something is off about this company. Trust your gut and good luck."
Absolutely love this credit card!! Amazing perks and easy to get a credit increase
"Despite my having paid-in-full three prior Avant loans, never one day late on a payment, and charging an annual interest rate in excess of 30%, Avant still wants to do a debt to income analysis. I supplied bank statements which show deposits. Not enough for Avant. If I wanted to go through the bother of submitting two years tax returns, I'd go to a conventional lender who charges a much lower rate. That's where I'm headed. So much for convenience."
Was the easiest process ever! I had my approval in just a few hours and my $ was deposited 2 days later!! I highly recommend them!!
Good service. Good about line increase when you pay on timr
"Easy and convenient process !
Quick results !"
"They emailed me asking for a review.

When I asked them what product I had through avant they canceled the trustpilot link and never responded.

I did finally do a password reset to find out what they thought I had done with them. Turns out they claim that I applied for a loan from them via lending tree which I never did.

Their lack of interaction with someone trying to find out what's going on speaks absolute volumes about the support you're likely to get if you do get a loan with them.

Their response was to send me to the same email they didn't respond to originally. Take that as you will."
"Date of experience: August 22, 2022"
I appreciate you noticing me as a good customer! Thank you for the raise in credit limit!
Submitted an application 10 days ago then received communication after approved funds would be deposited in 1-3 business days and that was 5 business days ago. Fast forward to this past Friday 08/19 received another email stating my application had expired. Now I'm unable to speak to anyone regarding this matter because no one at Avant has a clue what is going on and I've spoken to 4 different individuals and when you ask for a supervisor they hang up on you and then you call back and have to wait 20+ minutes to get some one on the phone. I'm about to file a complaint with the Attorney Generals Office and the Better Business Bureau.
It was easy and fast and helpfull Thang you
Worst credit card ever. My card was used for fraud and they still forced me to pay for it. Once I have paid this card off I am canceling it. Please stay away from them!
"This stupid company sent me emails to ask how they are doing. I DO NOT USE AVANT. My Tech Company, Tech To Us which costs me a fortune but is worth it, uses malwarebytes. We emailed them back and said if I see one charge in my banks or credits cards they will be reversed immediately."
"I like this card it's pretty much for ppl starting to build credit, it's helped me so far i wish they would give an increases in my limit and drop the interest rate from being so high."
"Looks like a simple Phishing Email Scam. The Actual company knows about it and has even posted a blog post about people posing as them.

Just google Avant “Protect Yourself from These COVID-19 Scams” and their company blog post explains what happened.

I would honestly just say throw the email out it’s just a scam like normal these days."
"Easy to apply and get my credit card. Only drawback is that all of my other cards are paid thru an automated system, which I prefer. With Avant I actually have to deal with a real person."
Avant made the online process very easy. I was happy with the experience. We recommend
"Date of experience: August 21, 2022"
I received an email from them asking me to rate my experience with them. I thought my identity had been stolen. I have NEVER used or applied for a personal loan through them. I lost sleep that night because their call center was closed for the evening and I had no way of contacting them. After calling them the next day they told me that I DO NOT HAVE AN ACCOUNT with them and they could not even tell me exactly where they got my full name and email address from. This Makes me wonder if they are opening customer loan accounts just like Wells Fargo and US Bank were doing until they got caught by the FEDS. If you notice over 90% of the positive reviews are from people they invited to leave a review. Then they messed up and sent invites to people that they should not have and boom! This just shows how messed up this company is they send invites to people that will give them positive reviews. I tried clicking on the link they sent me but it was disabled even after I called them and they assured me that the link still worked even though I was going to rate them horribly. I have a feeling this is the same for everyone else that got these fraudulent review invites. DO NOT DO BUSINESS with a company that is willing to make up reviews! They do it because they are crooked.
"Date of experience: August 21, 2022"
Had a personalized email sent to me soliciting this review. I have never done business with this company and was very suspicious. Due to these practices I would caution folks away from Avant.
"I’m glad that I came to this site and read the reviews on Avant. I received an email from them requesting I review them on Trust Pilot. I’ve never dealt with them and was concerned someone had used my credit. After verifying all is well, I became angry. How Dare They, SCAM!"
I was having some security problems which have been fixed. My account was locked. I have called several time and I can't seem to get anyone able to unlock my account. It has been over 60 business days. I still can not use my card. I keep sending email and calling. My account it still locked. If I can't use the card. It is no good. I need help!
Useless to do business with company begged for reveiw so here it is.
Avant double charged me $500. Unable to talk to anyone who understands anything. No one has ever returned a phone call.
So I just received this email asking from this company asking me to rate them on trust pilot. Thing is I never have done business with then or even heard of them. Hope this isn’t a scam or someone has gotten my identity and opened an account with them? So who do these folks get my email address from? One of my hacked email accounts.
"Just like many others i have read here. I received an email from them, asking me to review them here. I am not a customer of theirs. I never will be after dealing with the stress of this, i am vigilant when it comes to my credit, and who i do business with. Hopefully i didnt screw up be replying to the email support team letting them know i dont have an account with them."
"I attempted to get a credit card (trying to fix past issues). They not only denied me in like 2 mins, but then repeatedly spammed my email. Smh, don't believe the talk of credit for anyone."
I received an unsolicited email from them requesting I review them. I have never done business with this company. After reading the reviews on this site I now know this is a scam to get individuals to believe someone opened an account under their name and then contact Avant and provide personal information to them. STAY AWAY!!
"Tried to set up a fund through Avant that would be a retirement plan later on. Since I needed to change my address, I requested the change. Through some form of miscommunication, my account got cancelled, and I couldn't access it, but was still getting billed. While I never got refunded, and they did finally stop charging me, it was a big waste of time and effort."
I get an email asking how avant- is doing and wanting me to leave a review when I don’t even have an account with them. This is solicitation. Their records are so inaccurate they don’t even sort through who is a current customer and who is not. Definitely a no go!!!
No idea why this company keeps emailing me to write reviews when I have no clue what it is.
"These people sent me an email about a random account i never created telling me to come here. They also wanted personal info just to check my account to see if a scammer has been using them to rob from me. Its clear this company is trying to fish for my info. Stay away from these people. Im not the only one, if you apparantly call them they still fish for info all while threatening you with possible fraud goijg on your account"
"Excellent Customer Service, Easy to Navigate Mobile App..
Great Company to do business with!"
"UPDATE: to my surprise, I just checked my account and saw that all fraudulent charges were refunded plus the interest charges for each. I have increased my rating to 3 stars as I didn’t have to call again or hound them to credit my account. Still some red flags though about their data security though that I can’t ignore, and the fraud department process was very odd. I also just received an email yesterday that I was declined for a credit card however I did not apply for a second one so I’m not sure what that’s about….

ORIGINAL REVIEW:
I have to assume that 90% of their 5 star reviews must be fake because Avant either has some serious security/data issues OR they are the issue. I’m leaning towards the latter. Since I was first approved for my Avant card I’ve been having some serious issues with mass spam emails and fraudulent activity.

I had 7 fraudulent charges on my Avant card last month and my attempts to rectify the issue has shown Avants true colors and I completely question their legitimacy. I don’t believe they have any actual employees and I really question whether companies like this are really the problem, rather than the “ghost hackers” out there stealing data. If I could go back in time, I absolutely would not have disclosed any of my information to this company. Period."
Highly recommended! I have used Avant multiple time to deal with unexpected expenses and it has always been a good experience.
"got an email asking me to write a review, i either have not applied with this company or was denied, either way why would they want me to write a review?"
"Easy application for the loan process, I was approved right away and got my money within 5 days. When I called customer service they answered all my questions. I'd definitely use avant again"
"I have meant to cancel this credit card for 5+ years now and just hadn’t. When the widespread compromise occurred, I received no notification, no information for weeks after I realized it happened. When I initially called they were reassuring, it would be fixed in a timely matter and not reported to the credit bureaus. That was a lie. Do I care that a measly $500 was reported? Not particularly. I do care, however, that they were misleading, or at the very best misinformed and obviously unable to handle such a compromise. To add to that, the second time I called customer service to inquire as to why it had not been resolved in all this time and had been reported despite their convincing reassurance it would not be, the customer service representative used phrases like “as I was saying before you interrupted me” and ultimately hung up on me. Your job is customer service, customer service in a financial institution at that, expect people to be upset when their money is compromised and learn to fix the issue rather than escalating it. I can’t comment on anything other than that. However, fraudulent charges occurring in the first place, the time is took to resolve, and the absolute lack of professionalism from customer service makes this company an absolute no go from me."
"This company gave me a credit card when I was trying to rebuild my credit after an unfortunate series of events. Their card was a lifesaver, allowing me to make ends meet until I dug myself out of the hole. Now, I am so thankful that they came through for me when nobody else seemed willing to trust me. I give them an A+!"
"Hello,

Suck my balls.

Respectfully,
Scott K

Edit to the response: Respectfully, suck my balls. Thanks!"
"They just mailed me asking for a review, but I never been on their website. It is very concercing that they steal your personal information."
"Great card, accepted wherever I go so far and easy to track activity online. I have a high interest rate but I also have a fair credit score so it's what's expected. Easy to apply and they gave an automatic increase after a couple months. Just pay your bill on time."
"We were referred to this company to apply for a personal loan through Experian boost unfortunately for us it was the wrong decision they let our application expire on two different locations and on the last occasion we got an email from the third-party creditor where they had submitted our application saying that they had made a counter offer, but we never received it. I would not recommend doing business with this company They don’t do direct lending they send it to other companies to apply for the loan in our experience it was not worth it. very stressful resubmitted document over and over and very little communication between the customers and customer service instead of updating us with what was really happening they were letting our application expire and not getting back to us . Terrible experience"
"Avant has seemingly resorted to spam email campaigns to trick people, whose information they’ve bought from a data broker, into giving them sensitive personally identifiable information so they can claimed these people as customers. This is evident from the fact they show you an avatar, tied to your email address by data brokers, when you enter it. Then, should you reset your password, they ask for your SSN and date of birth, as the SSN allows them to claim you, and birth dates from data brokers may not be reliable.

Do not give them this information! Set a unique/secure password, then exit out of the process. Pull a full credit report to ensure no one has signed up with an account under your name.

I called their support. They told me how they take fraud seriously, and then they hung up on me!!

If any lawyers are looking to form a class-action suit based on this campaign, I’d love to join."
"I recv'd this email requesting that I write a review OF THIS 'company' on TrustPilot. Usually, I'm very astute w/who I conduct business with. However, I haven't ever had any correspondence w/this company, so any review relating to their ""'quality' of service"" would admittedly, lack credibility and be based on falsehood.

I've done consumer advocacy work for over 20 years now, and have written many reviews on several sites. Typically, a legit company doesn't solicit or request that customers review them. That's almost wholly initiated voluntarily. But Avant admittedly caters to low credit score applicants in their issuing of Secured Credit Cards.

However, given that my score is actually exceptional, I'd have absolutely NO USE for their services. My guess, quite frankly, is that they're soliciting Shadow Reviews from unsuspecting applicants in order to bolster their image. Well they've met their match here!!!

Suffice it to say though, not having EVER done business with them B4, doesn't otherwise prevent me from suggesting or stating that I feel that this 'company' is employing a questionable business tactic in their quest to bolster their image for added recognition.

If, however, they reach out to me and can substantiate my actually contacting them, then clearly I'd reconsider this posting, based on what I then learn, and modify this review! My guess though...that'll never happen.

Until then, ""Avant"" seems a bit SCANT to me!!!

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
My response to their ""Blow-off"":
Below this supplement, you'll see what, in effect, is a tacit denial and an outright failure to take responsibility for their predatory marketing practices rather to instead, do what's right and own up to their engagement in these bogus marketing practices that prey on less aware individuals! Maybe the FTC would be interested in their game-plan?!"
I’ve never used them but they keep sending me unsolicited emails asking for a review so I can only assume they are annoying and bad to work with.
The card has very high interest rates. You won't get a credit line increase. I barely use this card.
"Got a random email to rate them today despite never signing up. Reset the password to get into the account, and had to complete the sign up, so it's not something I registered and forgot about. Applied and was declined, not surprising, but why create an account for me and send me an email to rate you if you didn't even bother to do a cursory prescreening check that would have told you I was ineligible? Oh, and the rate link they sent was broken. I'm bored and petty and mildly annoyed now, so here sits this review."
Sent me an email asking to review them. I never signed up for an account yet for some reason I have one. Highly suspicious activity by this company.
"Date of experience: August 20, 2022"
"I recently opened an account with Avant and I was given a great opening line of credit. The app is very user friendly, so far so good! __ Thanks Avant team!!"
"REFERENCE #279999
So to start, I have to say that for me having a poor credit rating, they gave me that chance to build myself back up again and even trusted me for a $1500 credit limit to start. Now who ever developed the App is really bad at their job and needs to step down. 1st- it doesn't track your spending with exact change, it rounds it self up to the next dollar so when you get close to your limit, you end up hitting it $15 early. So a few weeks ago I went out of town and ended up using $980. So that should leave me with $520. I'm at home and trying to buy an item online from a timed auction and win. I put in my card numbers to pay and it kept saying declined. It cant be cause of no credit so I don't understand what's going on. I call them up to be told that they're having technical problems and all accounts were frozen. Needless to say, I lost the item and couldn't even use my remaining credit for a full 2 months. I was told as soon as it's fixed that I would receive a email but that never happened. I just randomly discovered it on my own, just past the 2 month mark. What's funny is that they could still do statements, collect your payments for sure and create new Ads to get you to make extra payments to get ahead.
So this month (August) I made an attempt to make 2 early payments and then my monthly payment. The app gave me alot of trouble taking my new card# from my Square account but finally got it, or maybe not. My 2 $50 payments and my $100 one got canceled. Now once I realized it, it's past the due date and I get hit with a $25 late fee. I didn't receive a single email for any of the payment problems, no text, or nothing in my app portal. This is horrible and a super sloppy way to run a financial institution. Stay away and Don't Say That I Didn't Warn You!!!!!"
Just in case this is read. !!Be AWARE!! I got this card knowing there would be a fee. But NOT knowing the Annual Fee would show up 2wks after receiving card. I haven't even received a bill yet. Sent my card into overdrawn status & credit report blemished that quick. __
Avant- is awesome they know when you need an increase and they always make sure your doing fine with your use of your card.
"Okay, never used avant. But this morning received an e-mail asking for a trustpilot review. I went to the avant website and went ahead and applied for a loan. I asked for the lowest amount possible. I knew that my credit was not good, but hoped it might qualify. Nope, sure didn't. But since this seemed to be the first time checking with them, why did they ask for a review. Well, here it is. Don't bother, it's just another thing on your credit report. May not matter much, may affect it a few points. I'll find out in a couple of days."
I never applied for a loan from them. So to just receive an email one day is was concerning. Upon trying to call them I was on hold for over 30 min and no one ever answered. Then the link to review them in the email was broken. Very shady. Also I would never get a loan from a place that has suck crappy customer service that they won’t even answer the phone. Clearly they are scamming people.
Getting spam stating I am using their company services. I am not and all links on their email redirect to same dead link statement.
"Giving them a 1-star because they emailed me asking for a review, and I have no idea who they are. Unsolicited emails asking for a review raise some red flags"
"HIGH FEES! Annual fee is ($59) and seems to be billed whenever they feel like it, late fee is $39, APR is around 28% which I think is actually illegal in some states. The website login working is 50/50. No credit limit increases in well over two years (my score is now significantly higher). It will help raise your score but a secured card with decent rates and customer service would be a better option. Also you can’t transfer your balance away and close the card. I had a promo of zero percent interest if I transferred my balances over to Barclay, avant refuses to transfer it."
This has been the best credit card experience…easy application and app very easy to use! I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a good cc company.
Customer service horrible. Their online verification horrible. Management horrible. Do not apply here by any means
"Spammers, ask for reviews even if you decided not to do business with them. (They're obviously buying reviews, this company would never be rated this high if they weren't.)"
"I have never heard of this company until I received an email from them saying ""Thank you for choosing Avant"" and asking me to review them on Trustpilot, so here I am. I feel very uncomfortable with the fact that I am receiving these kinds of emails from a financial company I have never heard of."
"It was my second credit card and they approved me for $1,000 limit when no one else would with zero annual fee the app has worked great and customer service has been great. Im Very thankful to have this card and also for the bump in my credit limit for being on time!"
Customer service is always nice and have had no problems with my bill My issue is that I can hardly ever use this card every time I go to use it declines. I have no clue why considering it’s got the full credit amount on it. So then when I call customer service it’s always a oh we were having an issue or we thought it was a fraud charge. So I rarely even use this card because it’s always some kind of production. So I wish they would get there system working properly and know off this nonsense! I would not recommend this card to anyone for the pure fact that you will probably hardly ever use it. If they could fix this issue it would be fine.
"Received an email asking to post a review based on my experience with this company. I have never used them. This is an ID Theft issue and they don’t seem to care

Edit:
Reply to the reply

How can you say that when it’s only my first name listed here? Seems like a UDAAP violation"
Hated it! It blocked almost ever site I visit on a regular basis. Sites I KNOW are safe so after three days I uninstalled it and unsubscribed. It may work for other people but is sure did not for me....
Thank you for approving my loan as fast as you did. This is my second loan from Avant and I am very happy with the process. Leonard C. Faris
"I love Avant! Some credit cards make you wait between 2 business days or 2 weeks to restore your credit available, but with Avant it is immediate. I think this is so because Avant is classified as a ""non-bank financial service"" It also is much easier to contact Avant online or by phone."
"I sent a check to have the card paid off. I called customer service on three occasions. I was checking to see if it had been received or get a timeline through which I should wait or cancel the check as lost in the mail. The representative each time was very difficult to understand, but I was given a different timeline each time I called. The check recently showed up on my dashboard as having been received four days prior . . . and four days after I was told that I should just cancel the check because there was no record of it. I paid off a few different cards around the same time, and this was, without a doubt, the most frustrating customer service experience."
I didn't give 5 stars because you only have 2 auto payment options. They are All or Minimum Due. A third option being a set amount higher than the minimum would have gotten the 5th star.
"I been with Avant for 1 year and 3 months and as soon as I got my credit card I was told by a rep from Avant that I had 12 months to pay the annual fee. well I was charged the annual fee on the first month. I called up Avant and they gave me some b.s excuse. I gave a review on here and they said for me to call them so they can fix it well I called up C.S. and they gave me the same b.s. 3 times. C.S is horrible. I pay my bill on time, at least 12 days before the due date and I pay an extra $15.00 on top of my monthly fee. they denied me for an increase which is probably good because I just can't anymore with Avant. So Avant when you read my review please don't say"" We are sorry to hear that, please contact us so we can try to help you"" because I won't call anymore."
"Date of experience: August 20, 2022"
"I got a loan from avant 12/2020. I've made my payments on time every month. I've made double payments. I've made payments for hundreds more dollars than my actual payment is. One minute I login to view my loan/payoff loan balance, and the remaining balance was 1300 left to pay and now when I login it mysteriously has gone up to 2200. How from 12/2020 to 8/22 a 3800 loan, I have a balance of 2200??? It makes no sense. The approval process for a loan is pretty easy and simple. Once approved getting the funds, *oh and it wasn't the full 3800 because they deducted a few hundred for the application and administrative fee is what I was informed by customer service* were fairly easy and simple. Paying the loan back has been a true nightmare and I will never go through this company again for a quick loan."
"Absolutely horrendous customer service experience. Random calls asking for personal info without having proof they're avant, no way to dispute fradulent transactions, and pure confusion with no accountability. 2 stars since the design of the website is sharp. But STAY AWAY!"
I just wish that they examine our credit history and see if we qualify for an increase in credit.
"Worst credit card company I've ever dealt with! My card sat inside a lockbox since the day I got it. It was not used anywhere not one time! Got an email about suspicious activity a week after the ""suspicious"" charges. My card got maxed out with 3 fraudulent charges in a day & it was not caught by the company for a week! Which still doesn't explain how the card was compromised in the first place. Obviously their data is not secure AT ALL! The rep on the phone just kept trying to send me a new card & I had to ask repeatedly for the account to be closed. All the while their fraud team was ""looking into the matter"". Careful who you trust your information with, because this company will not keep it safe or fix fraudulent charges in a timely manner!"
Very easy process. The website and app are very easy to navigate.
They were quick to qualify me and get the funds in my
This card is great. Keep up with your payments paying a bit more you'll get a credit increase. you have to be on time. Thank you avant
I absolutely love my Avant card. They have allowed me the opportunity rebuild my credit.
"It was just as stated. Quick, easy and done. Never had it so easy and quick."
"I am pleased with Avant!! They gave me a chance when my credit score was low. Now that I have been making regular, on time payments, my credit limit has increased. I love it here!!"
"Date of experience: August 18, 2022"
Avant has been quick and easy to apply for and get my small loan. So far they have been great!
"Lovely, best card ever"
"Great people, Easy online access to your account. The best card ever."
"I was in a pinch for funds (well, not myself but my child) when their vehicle broke down and needed an expensive repair. I reached out for several loan offers (not wanting to impede upon any family members or friends) but was unsuccessful or interest rate were incomprehensible. I applied via Avant and was immediately approved with a reasonable monthly repayment plan. I could not be more grateful in that moment."
"I had less than desirable credit. What they would consider ""poor credit."" I got approved for a $300 credit line unsecured and an annual fee of $39 i believe. Made on time payments. At 6 months I requested a credit line increase online. No hard inquiry on my credit for an increase in credit line and was instantly approved for an increase to $500. So far, the card has helped my credit and I have not had any issues."
"HI, MY NAME IS LEROY AND THIS IS MY THIRD LOAN WITH AVANT. I'M PLEASED WITH NO HASSLE STRAIT FORWARD LOANS WITH THE COMPANY. MY SUGGESTION IS THAT THE CUSTOMER SHOULD SEND ALL DOCUMENTS VIA FAX. KEEP THE GREAT HARD WORK. LEROY."
Avant is a great card to have. Was skeptical at first but glad I gave it chance. Never had a problem or complaint.
"I had an unexpected expense come up, I applied and it was quick and simple. They were clear on how much my monthly payment would be to pay it back in the term that I selected. The funds were also deposited quickly the next business day. It has been a good experience for a personal loan so far."
"I've always relied on Avant at anytime I needed help. The website and the application process is so easy to direct and if you have any difficulty, the staff are there to help you immediately. I must say, the application and the approval was done within a day"
"I recently received a loan through Avant for the purpose of consolidating my credit card debt. Because the balances were very high, the interest applied each month meant that a relatively small portion of my payments were going to reduce the principle.

My experience with Avant was very, very good. After my initial application, two different representatives from Avant called and spoke with me on the phone. Both were very polite and I really appreciated their help in completing the application process.

I would definitely recomment Avant."
"Easy information to understand,Great job."
Customer service was great and took care of me quickly and efficiently. They were good to work with.
"I just want to say that i've never applied for a loan on line its been always in person and my experience was far out great , I really needed this loan and Avant came thru thank you verry much for coming thru Avant."
Great customer service...rewards were easy to access for increases
Great service and friendly agent
It wasn’t but a couple hours I got approved and not even a whole business day when the direct deposit hit! Thank you Avant for saving me and my family
"My experience has been great so far, really appreciate the service I have received."
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
Great customer service. Easy to work with and easy to understand.
This is my 2nd time getting a loan with Avant.i love it because the following day my money was in my acc.i did not get alot of question to answer.Avant is my first choice if i need help with money(loan).
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
Everything was great got approved in no time thank you Avant
Online services was fast and easy and funds was issued into my account the next day’s
Had the money as promised and on the day it was suppose to hit my account
Very impressed! The process was very smooth and easy! I would highly recommend to anyone trying to take control of their finances!
"Easy, quick, did exactly what you said."
easy approved
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
I was in the market for a small personal loan and checked with a couple places. I already had an Avant credit card but never thought to check them. One day I received a special cardholder invite and the interest rate was amount 8 points less which made for a very reasonable payment. The process was frictionless and everything was seamlessly integrated on my online profile. I’m very happy with my experience.
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
"The process was quick and easy.
The money came fast."
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
It was a fast & easy process. Keep up the good work
Quick and easy to reapply — very informative and there in the clutch with last minute emergency expenses. So very grateful.
"Date of experience: August 15, 2022"
"Overall, Avant has been a great business to “do” business with."
Always understanding and there to provide any services and help along the way.
"Great company
Quick approval and easy application

Thanks for providing a great quick service"
Great experience with Avant. No hassle credit and increase in credit line quickly. Thank you.
"Date of experience: August 14, 2022"
I loved that it was a fast approval and got my money a few day later.
"Date of experience: August 14, 2022"
I love what Avant has to offer!!! I was recently accepted for a personal loan and it was really right on time!!!! Customer service is always nice whenever I do talk to them. I also have a credit card with them as well and love it too!!____
To apply was very simple and you find out the same day if you are approved.
"Date of experience: August 13, 2022"
I just secured a loan from you guys and it was self-explanatory and it was very easy
"My experience was very very good with avant, you guys are awesome."
Easy to fill out and didn't have a long wait
"Date of experience: August 13, 2022"
My experience has been wonderful
"Date of experience: August 13, 2022"
"I've received my card and can now fix and sell a few of my cars and get my financial life back in order . Fast , real fast and simple process . God Bless ! Thanks for needed assist . Marc C . . P.S.S. I was at the "" Fill and Lube "" here in Toms River NJ and there were 3 of my rides over there and the 22 year old Lexus truck I bought last week as a daily driver and now the money to fix and sell and fix sell a few of my rides is here . I may never be buying bread at the end od the month with change . God Bless A.A.ll of you . Marc . C . A friend of Bill . W . with 24 years of continuous sobriety. Thanks so so much . Marc Stephen Colon .
Peace !"
Avant- has been awesome to me… I got a card about a year ago… then they offered a loan and just increases my limit!
Avant provided an excellent response and turnaround time to get a loan.
"Avant is a great credit card company. They have an easy to use mobile app, with an easy to follow dashboard. They increased my credit line twice in the first year! The interest rate is also competitive with other cards in its class. Thanks Avant.
Wes P"
It was a great experience for me again this third time around. I was approved quickly within 24 hours and funded within 5 to 7 days. Good payment record got me approved. I highly recommend Avant.
Easy and fast process. Very helpful.
They do everything they say they will do. They left me happy!
"I just want to said thanks, you guys help me out real good, I hope to make more business with you guys thanks again"
The process was quick and easy!
"Date of experience: August 12, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 12, 2022"
It was an easy process. I appreciate that it was painless.
Woke up this morning to see that I got a credit increase without even asking for one. One of my best cards. Just make your payments in a timely fashion and you will be rewarded. No complaints whatsoever. Thank you Avant!
"Date of experience: August 12, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 12, 2022"
"I wanted a loan to pay off credit card debt and lower the interest rate I was paying. I applied online, got my offer, accepted it, my loan was approved, I signed my documents and the money was transferred to my bank 2 days later. It was so quick and easy. I would recommend Avant to anyone needing a personal loan."
The application Process was fairly simple and straightforward I appreciate it that the only critique I would have is that your reply to my application says that I would hear something within 24 hours however I had to reach out to find out my application status. Although not a big deal because the response was pretty much immediate just thought I’d mention it.
"Date of experience: August 12, 2022"
"I truly love AVANT, out of all my cards this one is the best. They are constantly moving me up and checking on me? Great customer service as well! I'll definitely be a forever customer. Thank you avant!"
Easy and affordable from beginning to end. Thank you Avant
Great experience all through entire process
"Needed a small loan for an emergency. Avant was able to get me approved right away! It did take over 24 hours but when I called the customer service lady was super nice and informative when updating me as to why it was taking just a little bit more time, but a couple of hours after it was finalized and wire went through! Thank you."
"Very quick and professional. No hassles if you have all your paperwork intact and sent on time.
Thank you."
"Date of experience: August 12, 2022"
"I had a great experience. Avant made the loan process very easy & prompt. The agent that assisted me with questions was patient, knowledgeable and very helpful. I would recommend them to anyone based on my experience."
"Date of experience: August 12, 2022"
"Fast, easy, and we'll worth it to get out of credit card debt"
"Only been here a few days and all but the high percentage rate is fine, but I knew that. Thanks"
"Everything was really fast and efficient.
I am so glad I choose Avant and I will recommend to everyone!
Thank you and I also hope that you will support me when I am needing you. __"
"Great. So easy to apply, app is wonderful for checking balance and making payments, customer service is wonderful. This is my second loan with Avant and I couldn't be happier with them."
Thank you so much
I just opened an account with Avant. It
My experience with Avant was very rewarding and customer service took care of my needs
Have good service and I have had a great honest experience you will be treated good
This was a very simple process. Filled out the application and received an answer within 3 minutes
Applied for a loan. The process was easy.
"Date of experience: August 11, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 11, 2022"
Got a loan with ok rates better then rates from others
"Date of experience: August 11, 2022"
I use Avant and love them. Their processes are user friendly and also timely as well. I would recommend their services to anyone.
They were fast on getting my loan. The people were kind and knowledgeable. I would recommend them anytime.
"Date of experience: August 11, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 11, 2022"
"when my bank said no, you guys said yes."
Went on line and apply for a small loan. I was approved within minutes of applying and was granted the loan to my account the date.
Quick Easy. Helped me and the family when we needed it most.
Easy website to navigate and application process was well laid out well and easy to use.
I was struggling with all of my many different credit card payments. Avant helped me. Avant put together a very easy to understand loan process and helped me to consolidate my debt in to one low payment.
Their application and approval process were fast. No anxiety or worrying for days as to if you will get the loan. I did the app and money in my acct in 2 days can't be happier.
Easy application and quick decision! Funds were in my account two days later. I would recommend Avant to anyone looking for a personal loan.
"Avant helped me with a loan.
They were very efficient."
"Date of experience: August 11, 2022"
Excellent service and speedy transaction. Thank you
Avant was fast in helping me secure a loan. The process to secure a loan wasn't hard at all and the person I spoke to fir assistance was knowledgeable and very helpful. Thank you Avant for coming to my aide.
"My card was hacked and have been calling since July 2022 and have been unsuccessful in getting someone with Avant to assist. I received a letter in the mail with contact information for a Shelbi and have left numerous voicemails and as of 8/11/22 she has yet to return a call from the messages I have left since July 2022. At this point I don’t believe Shelbi is a real person, I have called customer service so many times with my concern that no one (Shelbi) is not responding to any voicemails and I’m told we can’t help you here and request to speak to supervisor are met with the same response, The customer service during this time is horrible. If I can’t call the owners of the card for help who can I call,"
Very happy with the service. Hoping to continue doing more business with this company.Thank you.
"My respond with Avant has been good. Sometime I don't understand your policy for ex: I wanted to have more money taken out of my checking acct, but you all only allow a $25 or minus payment."
This was the first time in a long time that my loan experience was so easy. No prob at all. I paid off my old loan and got bill consolidation loan. A monthly payment that I can afford.
I have found that working with Avant has both been easy and pleasant
Very good and eczema
"If i could give them a zero I would. I just did their ""soft"" application to see my options. When I saw their pathetic options I quickly closed the site and asked them to delete my account. THE WILL NOT. They want to keep your info to sell and other marketing. Here is their response exactly.

""Thank you for submitting a data request. Avant is dedicated to the principles of transparency and fair processing of personal information. Due to Avant's current information collection practices, we are unable to honor your request. As an applicant for a credit product through the Avant platform, the information we have collected about you is subject to the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act. We are not required to disclose or delete such information and Avant is permitted to use such information for our legitimate business purposes, such as fulfilling our legal and compliance obligations. ""

Do NOT use this company. Not only do they prey on those with average credit, but they will sell your information to everyone!"
"Avant is great to work with… little to no hassles..
I have recommended to Others.
Thank you for your Service to your customers"
"Date of experience: August 10, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 10, 2022"
Easy and quick
"Avant has always been extremely helpful and easy to navigate. It took me ten minutes to secure my loan, I love Avant."
Needed emergency funds! This was simple and flawless. Easy and trustworthy!
"I want to take this time to give special thx to Avant and it’s team for giving me an opportunity to take care of things.. Avant was very easy to work with, there communication was 5__, and the application process was fast. Avant- approved me and the funds were there the next day.. Very satisfied with Avant and will recommend to any one. Thanks again"
"So far, so good. I received my loan quickly with no hassle. I also feel the interest rate was a little lower than most."
Avant- approved me for a much needed loan.it was very easy
"Since I have filled out app, I have gotten hundreds of spam emails. Ridiculous"
"Worst experience ever! It’s been a week, and no response. This after I finished a loan last year no late payments at all!! Asking for bank stubs over and over again as if I’m starting a whole new application!!!! THE WORST!!!!"
"Very well, easy to do"
"Date of experience: August 10, 2022"
"This experience with Avant was professional, qiuick, and easy!"
"Great customer support and service. This credit card is awesome, my score went up 22 points last month. This card help you build credit. Love it and fees are low."
this was the easy loan I have either got
"Date of experience: August 09, 2022"
Hands down if you have bad or no credit the easiest lender ever just submit info and with in a couple days money is in your acct. very hi interest rates but they are taking risk loaning with bad or no credit I would definitely recommend Avant
Easy to complete.
"Date of experience: August 09, 2022"
I love how easy it is to apply and make payments. The portal is user friendly and helpful. I will definitely continue to use this company in the future.
My loan went thru with no problems and very quickly.
"Date of experience: August 09, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 09, 2022"
Thanks from the bottom of my heart for trusting me.
Very helpful. Quick response and reliable
Got approved and received funds in less than 10 days! Look forward to adding points to my credit score! Thanks Avant
"Date of experience: August 09, 2022"
"I applied for a card on July 9th it is now August 9th and I still have not received the card every time I call they say there's nothing they can do but send a new card and you have to wait another seven to 15 business days I don't know why they can't tell me where's the card is that they already sent.
I see all these reviews on this website and it all seem good but when I look on the internet I see a lot of bad reviews witch this is making me believe that this might be a scam"
"Wonderful, quick, smooth process and user friendly."
"DO NOT APPLY FOR THIS CARD!!!!! They will block every purchase and then say that you have made too many attempts so they will send you a new card that also says too many attempts they refuse to allow you to spend the credit limit that they have approved you for . Constantly sending new card only for you too not be able to use any of them
This has been a full year of this but I’m afraid if I cancel it will affect my credit"
"Date of experience: August 09, 2022"
The loan process was fast and simple! It happened so quickly I thought it has to be a scam. It was really to good to be true. I received funding in one day. Very seamless process! I recommend this company 100%
"I really liked how the application process was so easy, but however, it took over a week to get my approval and I submitted my requested documentation the same day when asked. When calling and speaking to two different customer service representatives, they asked me for more information needed causing further delay. I just feel that it could have all been avoided if I would have received an email, which I didn’t, I had to call each time to get an updated status on my application."
Was able to get a debt consolidation loan at a much lower rate than the credit cards I have. Process was quick and easy.
Everything was great I will refer to friends..
"Quick , excellent service way better than other lenders"
Avant is extremely helpful and employees are pleasnt to work with! The only drawback I experienced ws being cut off about when issue was to be resolved and then you have to start over with phone conversation!
"Got an email about an credit increase..and within 10minutes of responding,I had an increase __"
I am greatly to you for the advance credit
Avant has been a great card as well as loan I’m extremely happy with my accounts.
"The application process was very easy process, got prompt answer"
"Date of experience: August 08, 2022"
"This bank is great to work with for several reasons. They provide decent credit lines for folks repairing their credit, they increase quickly and they offer you personal loans shortly there after which also build your credit. Great app and post payments quickly! Love it!"
I had a good easy experience __
"Applying for the loan was easy and simple. Website has great option for autopay, for loans. I love how easy it is manage my loan."
"Loan was easy, fast and decent rate. Website is a bit finicky but useable."
The process to apply for a loan was quick and easy and I really appreciate having this as an option. I did have to call for support when I was unable to take a photo with my phone to upload proof of identity. Turned out that I had to use a different browser to get this done. Support was helpful and easy to understand.
It is a fast and good system in aproval and access to the funds.
Easy process
"This is by far the easiest company to get a personal loan, i was in shock of how fast and convenient from start to finish. I will definitely recommend Avant 100% to all friends and family looking for a personal loan."
My loan was approve in minutes and my cash was in my account the next day
Is good have an opportunity to receive a Loan n be accepted it
"Date of experience: August 08, 2022"
Great help and knowledge from representatives! Good experience. __
They was very professional on the process and they reach out to me just to finish up the process.
"It is super easy. Fill out your information, sign the contract and boom in a couple days the money is in your account. It’s amazing!!!!"
"Date of experience: August 08, 2022"
Very helpful. Great customer service experience during the underwriting process.
I was trying to get a loan with Avant. Credit Karma said I had outstanding odds of it getting approved. Avant- kept dragging their feet and would not approve my application. After some time money appeared in my checking account. However the loan that Avant approved was for about half of what I requested. They never discussed it with me they just did it their way. Thus I did not get enough to payoff the credit cards I was trying to payoff.
I was very happy they approved me for my loan. Thank you so much __
We had a great experience with Avant. Quick and easy and all done online. We are greatful for the approval and it really has helped us out.
"Date of experience: August 07, 2022"
"I was desperate to have my roof fixed but I didn't have the money. That's where Avant comes in and saves the day. Despite my low credit number of 617, they approved me for an $8,000 loan, which was deposited in my checking account within 2 business days. That was amazing. The interest they are charging is high but not having to worry about my roof for the next 25+ years is totally worth it!"
"Very satisfied! Thank you for the fast and smooth process,"
Swift response and professionally customer friendly
"Date of experience: August 07, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 07, 2022"
"Good helpful service, immediate response within a few days."
They can help when others can’t . Great company ! Approved personal loan with bad credit bankruptcy and another personal loan . Really helped . Will pay it off and keep using their service . Credit card is good too but it’s only $1000. May be they will keep increasing the limits . The company has great future for sure
Very simple procedure just a great experience
They made easy for me get what I needed I will use and recommend them to my friends and family
"I came to avant just a few years ago, I never thought they would believe in me and gave me a loan thank you so much just when I needed someone thank you"
"Great customer service. There was reported fraud on my account. Avant, immediately put a freeze on the account and notified me. They issued a new card and credited my account back . Thank you, for all you do!!"
"This process was very quick and easy. I applied on a Saturday. 15 minutes later I was approved and by Tuesday I had the money. Now , I am only paying 1 monthly bill."
I am not one that usually writes reviews but in this case with this card I simply had to. My credit started out at $800 limit with on time monthly payments within six months I got an increase of $1250.00. I recommend this card for people like me I never thought I would have a chance at building credit
Best credit card... High limits & no hassle as long as you pay what you owe!!
"I am not sure why I had to pay such a big fee to take out a loan-I thought that was what interest rates were for.


reply: I did email you to see if you would reimburse some of the loan charge that was $356.25"
"Date of experience: August 06, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 06, 2022"
This was the easiest loan I received. Funds were deposited as promised and I will make Avant my primary $$ source
I had a good experience working with this credit card and personal loan.
"Date of experience: August 06, 2022"
The best. Quick and easy processing. And best thing is no processing Fees.
"Date of experience: August 06, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 06, 2022"
"Avant came to the rescue! I was short on a loan to purchase a house and avant- sent me an email stating they have loans as well. I had an Avant card and was extremely happy with it, so I decided to take a chance on the loan. It had the best interest rates out of all I had applied for and it was an easy process."
Avant was very professional and honest in their assessment of my loan.
"The application process could be smoother. I got to the ID verification screen however some of questions were for information I didn't remember from 11 years ago. Also, because I was working from my laptop I could not upload a photo of my passport.
Please ask your tech team to make this process more user friendly."
"Date of experience: August 06, 2022"
Very easy to work with them and excellent service
"Great __
Great ______"
Still to today I do not know when my first payment is due and is direct withdraw from account.
The entire process was quick and easy. I received my funds within one business day.
I have been a customer of Avant for years now and they are excellent to deal with. No hassles and there when I need them. Highly recommend. Thank you.
This was my first time getting a loan online and the process was so easy. I’m very happy I chose Avant.
I love how quickly everything was processed I am proud and happy to be a customer.
"Date of experience: August 05, 2022"
"I have an Avant credit card which has a whole list of fraudulent charges. I was told they would be removed two months ago, and nothing has been done.

They said they sent me a new card to an address that was never registered with them.

They can’t be reached by phone .

Stay FAR AWAY from this company."
"Date of experience: August 05, 2022"
"Excellent, wick and painless!"
"I am very pleased with Avant. They were quick deposit funds, and were very polite and helpful in telephone conversations."
This a great company when you facing a emergency.
"Grateful for this company

Application process easy, rapid responses and lowest APR we could find for our struggling credit. Thank you!"
I got my loan very fast __
"Very nice in communicating with them, highly recommended"
Avant has been awesome for me they really helped me out at the time of need right on point i will always be thankful for their service thank you Avant team
They were great got me approved quickly and also got my money deposit before date which helped me consolidate my credit card debt.
Everything was Great! Thanks
After having a medical emergency I needed a loan quickly! This company was listed through my credit karma app. The application process was simple and to the point. I was approved within minutes and the money was deposited within 24 hours! As of yet this has been a great experience and I would recommend Avant to anyone asking!
No hassle. Easy going process.
Getting a loan through Avant was fast and easy to apply for. I have used Avant before and I love having another loan with them
"Date of experience: August 05, 2022"
Avant is great. If you're thinking about do it.
"Quick Help to Problem
I read about all reviews first and then read the offers given to me and applied for the one I wanted and with in 24hr had my approval. Within 48 hr money was funded to my account t as agreed. so happy with fast easy process."
"Date of experience: August 05, 2022"
Applying for a small loan here was an easy process. Everything was explained in detail. My loan was processed and received within one day of applying.
Very good company would recommend to others
Fast and easy in 2 days money was in the bank.
"Fast, easy and great communication. Had my money in one day!"
"IT WAS A VERY SMOOTH APPLICATION PROCESS, THANK YOU FOR YOUR PROFESSIONALISM."
"Date of experience: August 04, 2022"
"Very fair and fast response, and I'm very happy with their
Customer service..."
"Date of experience: August 04, 2022"
"I applied for a loan for $10,500 with them a week ago. The process was ridiculous. They will NOT email you when you need to update anything, and they will not call. You will have to keep checking your application if it needs to be updated. I applied last Wednesday night, about 4pm. I called on Friday to check the status and they kept speaking quick and he said he needed to submit it for review and is there anything else he could help me with, he tried to get me to hang up, but I stayed on the line. 20 minutes later he comes back and asks why my paystub comes from a different company and not mine, I had to explain this to him. After that, another THREE days they sent me an email to call them, and they told me my paystub bank account did not match the bank account I gave them. It was completely false, I literally had to walk them through the difference between a routing number and an account number. This took AN HOUR. Also they don't speak clear english. Finally resolving it they took another day to post I need to verify other income to get to the right Net income, which was not correct because my net income was already OVER what they pre-approved me with. I think it was just stalling at this point because I submitted my husbands checks asap and they let it sit again without updating it. Then today I get an email that my loan application EXPIRED, and I would have to reapply. I have NO interest in getting a loan through this company anymore. I think they just collect your information for fraud reasons and then go about their day. No sense of urgency with them. You will not get a loan approved before it expires. Every review I have read that seems real, they all have the SAME issues.

UPDATE: I will not be giving them a second chance. I secured a different loan on better terms from Prosper in 24 hours."
This is my 1st personal loan. And to be honest I was nervous about the whole thing. I didn't think that I was going to get approved but I did. Thank God now I got the money that I needed and was able to pay off debts and credit cards. It's definitely giving me some peace of mind knowing that now I have everything under one bill instead of spread over five or six. And the monthly rate is pretty cheap too for what I got?
They approved me for a loan within minutes. Got a not so great rate but got a loan regardless. Arranged to pay it off over 3 years so it won’t break the bank.
Probably the least painful loan application I have filled out. Filled out the application and had an answer in hours. Money in bank the next day. Go to this company and don't waste your time at other sites.
Avant is easy to use and customer service is helpful and friendly.
I need a loan fast and with avant they got me great with a good rate. I'm happy and my life is better. I chose them because of the good reviews. I hope this helps you to choose them in your future. Take care and God bless.
I am on my second loan through avant. I was impressed by the speed and efficiency of the first loan allthough the interest was quite high. However i had challenged credit too. The second i almost didnt do because it showed same interest as the first. But once i did apply the rate dropped consistent with my new credit rating. I would recomend them to strengthen challnged credit and pay off debt.
Avant really help me get back on track financially. Thank you.
This is the best and easiest credit card I have ever used. I recommended it to my family.
"My experiences with Avant have mostly been positive. It was a little unclear what was going on with my application for refinancing my loan, but it was ultimately approved. (It just took more than a week.) ONE thing I would really like to see is the breakdown of principal and interest for each payment. I don't see anywhere to find this information."
"Don’t apply for this loan!!!!!
I applied for there loan and it’s been a week and I keep speaking to the same representative I think it’s a fraud. First off you never call and get the same representative on different days and different times well I have, which is suspicious right there to say the least then I asked about a supervisor and of course they weren’t available. No surprise there. Now with the world with inflation problems that just what we need more people scamming to get money we don’t have."
"I am a previous customer with Avant. They gave me a personal loan when I was really financially stressed. I was able to pay off the loan 2 years in advance. After several months, they started sending me emails to apply for another loan. I finally did on 7/20/22. Unlike the first experience, this one was a nightmare. They kept asking for the same documents over and over. Each time I submitted the documents, they would say I didn’t need to do anything else, but they would never say whether or not the loan was approved. Finally after 7 days, I received an email saying my application had expired and I could re-apply! So I did on 7/28/22. I got the same run around with the document requests but no follow-up from Avant. After a couple days, I just told them to cancel my application. I was frustrated. Not because I didn’t get the loan, but because they weren’t professional enough to let me know one way or another. I felt like just another piece of paper, rather than a person. If that’s the way they treat people, I’m glad I don’t have to do business with them. Oh, by the way, before I paid off the previous loan, I paid every payment on time.

Helen R. Richmond"
Very well treated. Professional and polite. Made looking for a loan painless.
I have not any problems with Avant and customer service is excellent.
"I'm writing this review to help other customers to have a better experience than mine. I provided all required documents and they were not processed before the 7 day expiration. I had to send multiple emails with my verification info. I checked my dash board and there were things i submitted but had to resubmit. Unfortunately, my appication expired. I was instructed to resubmit my application. I complied because of the importance of this loan. Yes i was eventually approved but it was apparent that there wad a lack of communication between Avant representatives. I was getting frustrated having to explain and reexplain my situation. I also feel that consumers needing a loan should be reminded that they only have 7 days to submit. It can be added to the dashboard. I think this would be helpful."
"Date of experience: August 03, 2022"
"Wasn't sure they could help me,hada poor credit rating so may years,just tred my luck to apply online loan to my surprised it was approved within 5 minutes.will recommend them to whoever needs help try them.they really reliable"
I’m truly grateful for avant- and words can’t even explain but I am humbled that they gave me a personal loan when I really needed it and I will always be thankful for the great service they’re Providing to every customer.
"As a returned customer, they offered, I excepted and it was put into my account as simply as that…1, 2, 3. I must say: Avant, will be my go to person when emergency arises."
"Date of experience: August 03, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 03, 2022"
I just love love this company I’ve never have had an issue with them I really recommend them I have already w my family. ;)
"Date of experience: August 03, 2022"
Excellent customer service and turn around time.
"Date of experience: August 03, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 03, 2022"
Very easy process and I was paid in 24 hours
"Date of experience: August 03, 2022"
"I had an unforseen expense that I didn't have the money for and Avant helped me out. No hassle, they were excellent."
Extremely pleased with everything associated with my application and acceptance. Would recommend you to anyone who asks.
"Date of experience: August 03, 2022"
Very easy and fast from the process to the approval
"I'm a repeat customer & have always received excellent service. Fast, accurate, affordable, fair, mobile app is user friendly. Each experience has been trouble free & successful."
"Fast, easy and convenient online application. Very satisfied."
Super easy customer service worked with me on everything. Got approved quick and easy. Money was deposited within 24hrs
"I am very great full to have this credit card it has helped me in so many ways and making payments on time i have got two time credit increase limit so far to 1,250 wow i feel proud of my self thank u Avant you been very helpful in making my credit score higher.. if you need a card to help with ur credit apply for Avant you won’t regret it"
This is my third time around with Avant and they have always been friendly and efficient I have gotten my funds in more than a timely manner I would recommend them to anyone.
Awesome service approved my loan super quick didn't take money like lending club so far very happy would highly recommend them
Pretty decent experience for building credit. Received letters with no card the first month or so o had to call twice which was odd but other than that satisfied.
It was fast easy application process a few follow up documents and then either an approval or denial. Mine was an approval.
"Got a loan, easy and pretty fast. Really appreciate it."
This is a very easy straightforward platform for obtaining a personal loan. I have had a good experience each time I applied. My only negative is that you don’t get a lot of information from the dashboard when the loan is under review. I would like to see a progress bar to let me know how things are going. My entire loan process took 7 days for funds to be deposited in my bank.
I have an Avant credit card with a low annual fee. I got this card with the intent of helping to rebuild my credit. Credit limit initially was low but was raised after keeping up with my account for the reason I had gotten this card in the first place. Application proceeds was simple and fast and since then I was offered a personal loan with competitive rates which I also applied for easily and was approved. Avant has helped me get back on track rebuilding my credit without have to pay crazy fees or rates like other companies offer to people with low credit scores. Thanks Avant for helping on my credit rebuilding journey!
"Very fast process, and detailed at the time of filing the paperwork!"
I appreciate Avant working with me and giving me a loan. Even though my credit is not that great I still have a payment that I can afford. I also have an Avant credit card and I like it as well. Avant is a good company and I hope to continue to use them and get my credit back in good shape.
"Excellent chance of approval through Credit Karma. ppffft...uploaded all the documents requested. they requested six months of bank statements, only had my current bank for last 5 so attached prior bank info. received an email that I needed to call in. When I called in the agent told me that they needed one for the bank I was at from six months ago. asked her if what I uploaded would work she said yes, then said i could upload the statement in the next 7 days. when I asked if I don't upload the statement will the application be declined she said no we could use what was sent and send if forward. I asked her to do that. She then said it would be an email with decision. Within 10 minutes it was declined. I think they need to do a better job training their staff"
"Date of experience: August 02, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 02, 2022"
I needed a loan due to an emergency and was pleasantly surprised at how fast and easy Avant made the process. I got the funds the next day. I highly recommend 10/10.
"Date of experience: August 02, 2022"
Application process was very fast and easy on line. Got an answer within a few hours. Money deposited next day. Awesome!!!
Have used Avant on several occasions and they are always quick and efficient. Excellent Customer Service.
Well even though it took a while for them to respond to my request they finally did and I do not know what the delay was but once we were both on the same page everything went very quickly so far I cannot say anything bad about them other than the fact that I have the money that I needed for home repair thank you for your time Arthur
"i like that they don’t charge a convenience fee just for for process. i needed the money asap for my dogs surgery & i got in within 24 hrs, other lenders i was looking at charges a processing fee that i would’ve still had to pay back, that don’t make no sense."
"The entire process was fast and convenient. I was approved very quickly, and the money was deposited into my account 1-2 business days later."
Avant used a selection process that was bias when approving a loan.
Helpful in getting the money in a timely manner.
This is my second Avant loan and the process is very simple and easy. My credit score is not great but I’ve been approved the 2x I applied and I highly recommend. My funds were available next business day!
"Date of experience: August 02, 2022"
"i am very satisfied with excellent,outstanding,easy, services on credit card and personal loan"
"This was a great experience.,I needed the money right away ,it was so easy ,I would be dealing with Avant in the future."
"Date of experience: August 01, 2022"
Avant is an great company I have a credit card and loan through them and it was very easy and affordable. Great company to do business with I've recommended several of my friends to them..
So far so good
I was given a very decent interest on my loan back then. My credit wasn't the best then. I had autopay set up. I made every payment in full & on time. They applied every payment correctly without any issues. Anytime I went online or on the app to just give everything a look everything worked perfectly. They were both easy to navigate and understand. I have nothing but good things to say about Avant.
I would recommend using this company. They gave me a loan when no one else would. No I've gotten the issues fix and I am paying them off.
The process was painless and easy; although it did take longer than I expected after a couple of weeks I was finally approved.
My newlywed daughter needed additional funds to move into her new home and Avant made it possible for me to assist her. It was the easiest loan process that I have ever experienced.
The process was very fast and simple. In a few day everything was done and the money in my account.
"Date of experience: August 01, 2022"
So far so good... I just requested this personal loan last week - It was a quick approval and was funded the very next day!
Easy to use application process and access to funds needed.
"While applying for my loan the Avent team kelp me well advised as to the status of the loan. They were very professional and helpful. They tried very hard to process my loan with in the 24 hour period. But do to some problems on my end, it took a couple of extra days, the loan was deposited into my bank account as promised.
Outstanding Job!

I truly appreciate all the Avent Team did for me.

Charles G."
Avant Was Very Courteous Easy Process To Get The Loan You Answer A Couple Of Questions. Submit Information Based On Your Income. They Emailed Me Back And Let Me Know That I Have Been Approved. I Was So Excited and Happy Got My Loan In One Business Day Direct Deposit To My Account.
This service is convenient and very prompt. Staff is friendly and helpful.
"Date of experience: August 01, 2022"
I wanted to consolidate a few credit cards that got out of hand. This process with Avant was really quick and painless. I definitely would recommend
So far so good. I received the money very quickly. I haven't made a payment yet or anything but I got the money so all smiles as of now
"Date of experience: August 01, 2022"
The process was safe and quick. It was a great experience.
They make borrowing simple. Either with loans or credit cards.
I got a loan and got the money the next business day.
Avant is very good in its
"Date of experience: July 31, 2022"
This is my second time receiving a loan from Avant. Fast and simple process!! I would recommend them.
I was very pleased with the efficient way my request was handled!
"I'm so pleased with Avant, I've had my card for awhile and have been doing very well with making my payments on time. I needed my credit limit increased and I asked and was granted approval..thank you Avant!"
Avant approved me for a loan when others would not and just in time for what I needed the loan for. The terms are great and service is very professional!