body
Process was easy and Dawn was great to work with .
Fast and easy service.. Very nice helpful person.. Got loan done in a day..
"******, SC location - Kateshia *******!!!!! She's professional, knowledgeable, patient, insightful, and very easy to work with! I'd definitely do business with Ms. ******* again! Thank you so much for all your assistance and for making this such an essy process. She's truly an asset to OneMain Financial!"
They are very professional and helpful! It was a great experience.
"I had an unexpected expense that could not wait. One Financial was easy and fast. I also don&rsquo;t have to worry about repayment because I was able to set up automatic withdrawal right away. Easy, fast, efficient. Thank you."
Quick and painless help to give me some flexibility while increasing my credit scores
very good customer service and excellent staff. They took care of me very well.
"Fantastic customer service, friendly and patient staff. Kiana was wonderful and helped me through the process with ease."
Great was very happy. Everything was good. they was very professional.
Awesome customer service  Ms. Ava and her team ROCKS THANK YOU
Thomas is the best very friendly and highly recommended ???? he helped us with all our needs very simple and made it so easy
"This is my second time borrowing from OMF. The process was actually much easier this time, 15 minutes at most over the computer. Staff were very friendly and knowledgeable. My agent was really helpful and kind (I cannot remember her name). I don&rsquo;t  like the autopay and I will be turning it off, high interest rate but OMF came through in my time of need so I&rsquo;m grateful."
Excellent Customer Service - - Very Easy and Smooth Transaction - - Answered Every Question - Went Over Every Detail
Alway fast and friendly . They get the job done with no hassles
Fast friendly service. I had my money within 45 minutes without leaving my home
Excellent company. All representatives were very easy to deal with. Very respectful and explained all aspects of loan well.
"Yeah, I think it's pretty ridiculous that they prey on people with these mailers acting like you've been approved for something you desperately need for an emergency. I am disabled with no kids and I'm a victim of domestic violence even though there's supposed to be so many options available to me, there is not! I don't have the money nor the time to drag it through court. I don't think these PREDATORY scams are at all right. I know it's a scam to continuously run and lower my credit score in an attempt to try and sell me on some ""credit repair"" nonsense that I have to pay for!!! If I'm in need of an EMERGENCY Loan, I definitely don't need a new monthly payment or to have OneMain continuously pulling from (creating negative marks on) my credit. When you already have the knowledge, you have no intention on providing me with a loan. Here's where the SCAM comes into play... Since I applied previously this letter is designed to make you believe there's an opportunity being offered. Even the fine print on the back is very ambiguous to lure you in. I read carefully and responded with my offer code... Gave you all my intimately personal information, AGAIN! Why? You got me to respond to your offer for what? To Phish My information some MORE!??? Creating more spam for me and the possibility of having my identity stolen AGAIN! BECAUSE you don't just sell my information to legit ""reputable"" sources either. Read the fine print before you do ANYTHING with this company!"
They send me offers and call me there company is a scam then you get another mark on your credit report for applying for a loan they need to be sued.
"This was our 3rd loan with One Main.  It was easy, completed over the computer.  walked in to sign documents and was out in 15 minutes.  The staff is always friendly and welcoming.  The only thing that could make the experience better is to lower interest rates., however, even with the interest rates so high, One Main is there when we need them to be.  The best part is because of our excellent payment history with One Main, we no longer need collateral for our loans."
Logan was very friendly n explained the process very cleary
"Mr. Llian *****, was very patient with me getting all my paperwork together to finalize the loan. He did a great job. This is my third loan with One main and I&rsquo;m very happy with the service and the staff at your office."
"I went through credit, karma to see if I could be approved for a loan with another company, and it came up that I had an outstanding chance of approval, with One Main Financial. I was skeptical at first about trying this company because I was denied a couple of years ago with them, but after seeing that I had a so called &ldquo;outstanding&rdquo; chance of approval, I got denied again. The only thing that I didn&rsquo;t like with them is that I don&rsquo;t think that they needed all of my personal information, knowing that they were going to deny me a loan&hellip;taking a persons, personal identification, job information, bank information, drivers license I think that was really uncalled for and just plain unnecessary just to get an acceptance&hellip;all of that was not needed. I would never recommend this company to anybody."
Thank you very much for the loan that was the most important thing to me I got money when I really needed it so keep STANDING TALL and LOOKING GOOD you should be in HOLLYWOOD
Swiftly done in the time of need. Curious as to how long it will take. Oh it was necessary
"I was pleased with your services and the loan is a real boost for my financial situation at this time.,"
"I&rsquo;ve had a loan with OM for several years. I was contacted by their office to say I was in good standings and there was money available if I needed anything. I didn&rsquo;t need it at the time but things changed so I called them back and it was a whole different story. All of a sudden a paid off car that they didn&rsquo;t know about was now the only option for me to get funds. I didn&rsquo;t want thousands of dollars, I just needed a little cash but I was told there was no money available if I didn&rsquo;t use the car. Then why call me and say there was funds available if there really was not. I feel like they just wanted me to take out a new higher loan and that was not what I wanted or needed. Not impressed and once the loan is paid off I will not use them again."
"I am happy to say that Joseph was amazing he explained everything about my contract and was very satisfied with my account, I feel relieved paying off my title loan and more then half on another. Will now work on getting my credit up again.  Thank you Onemain Financial you made everything so much better.
Sincerely
Sylvia B"
The entire staff has been awesome at every step of the process.  I could not have been more pleased overall.
I think it was awesome day and I was very happy with the help! I will definitely recommend you to my friends and family if they ever need help financially! Thank you very much for your help!
"So easy to request additional money to my existing loan! Fast and great service from Shamequa- I know I misspelled that horribly, but I really wanted to give her a shout out for her friendliness and efficient handling of my loan. Thank you!!! ??"
The team at this Branch are easy to work with!
Pleasant  experience.  Always treated with respect and truthfulness.  Easy process . Conventional process
"Always a professional, expedient experience. I highly recommend OneMain Financial. Keep up the great work!"
"Do not do business with these guys!
It isn't enough that they charge a ridiculous interest on your loan. They also feel the need to be deceptive when they reflect balance information on their site.
On the 2nd of February I paid off what I thought was the balance, on their site. Boy was I wrong.
In a review of my monthly credit I discovered that there was still a balance of $25.00. I logged in to their website again to see a balance of like $25.23. In small print (this time) there was indication that this is not the payoff amount (hem why not?). So of course I was pissed, I called in and the payoff amount was 26.09, more than what was indicated on their site.
I reckon they don't want you to pay them off, ever."
"I applied for a loan to buy my mom's car. I got a call and was advised to upload paperwork. I was also giving two loan options over the phone.  One Main financial advised me to upload paperwork. Income everything was correct as I stated. I was also told that I needed to obtain car insurance, So I was taking off my mom's policy, and got my own, which cost me about $150.00. So once i got the car insured under my name. I uploaded it to one main Financial. They made me an appointment to come in. Then I got a call saying I wasn't approved.  I still don't have my $150. Don't know if or when for sure I will get it back. This is a horrible way to practice business. Wasting someone's time and money. I called customer services to file a complaint two times.  I have heard nothing so far. horrible, horrible, horrible way to do business..."
"Yes, this company is just out to steal all your money. We have had a loan through since 2019, and it&rsquo;s still not paid off. We only took 3500 out. Our interest rate is absurd we pay 30%, and oh let me tell you don&rsquo;t ever defer a payment they will screw you. When I asked for help they where quick to try to help to defer your payment, don&rsquo;t do it! The payments we made only where going to the interest and not the principal. Our loan was supposed to be paid off in February, and bc I did some deferments apparently we screwed ourselves. Oh and when you defer you don&rsquo;t pay the interest until the end of the loan it&rsquo;s a separate payment. This company is a joke, I would not recommend this company to anyone. They thrive off screwing people over and charging high interest rates!"
They helped me to get the loan and didn't push o. Hidden charges. Great!!!
Great people to work with. Nice. Very helpful with question.
Roxanne was super helpful! She helped me get a lower interest rate and even extra cash. The process was fast and easy
They were Quick efficient and friendly   Very easy and professional Approval was simple
I couldnt have asked for a better person to handle my loan Thankyou so much
"It was fast, professional, easy to complete, the reps were well organized and clear every step of the way.
Thank you!"
One Main has a Top  Staff at the *******&nbsp;Office!     They are pleasant and kind  and  gave me  all the information to make a decision.  Every thing went smooth and yes I am a returning Customer!
One Main was fast and so easy to work with. I had the funds in the bank the following day.
"Very please , and Crystal is a delight always trying to helps us as much as she can , I would recommend One Maine to anyone for all their banking needs!!"
You all were awesome Kaylee helped me a lot.  I give them a 5 Star Salute....I appreciate all that you have done....thank you
"Always good working withy the OneMain team.  5 Stars!
Smooth process.  I recommend OneMain.
Marlon *******"
"They are very nice, polite, friendly, professional people. They explain everything throughout the process."
Good Staff. Though it took long time to complete. Staff was working hard to help and gave me their best effort . The application was very extensive.
The staff was great. My experience was great and the process was quick.
"I had a wonderful experience with OneMain Financial Group, in the ********, KY office. They were very professional. Elaine was so nice to me. Treated me with great respect and dignity.
explained everything professionally I was so happy. I would truly recommend them to my friends and family."
Monica was awesome to deal with and answered every question.
"Was a good experience efficient, people were very friendly and professional"
Very friendly and fast service. Didnt have to take half a day off work to get everything done. Everyone at this location is always very helpful and friendly faces to see when you go in.
I had an amazing experience with OneMain. My customer service representative was very friendly and worked patiently with me when signing for a new loan.
Great experience and fast approval and funds received quickly into account
It was easy to meet at their office.  The approval process was very fast.
Very easy process and quick service. I wish all lenders were so helpful.
Virginia was great!  The staff is so professional and easy to work with.  Online system of uploading was easy and saved me lots of time.  I would recommend One Main to anyone.
"I have dealt with OneMain in the past, and yet it was the most recent interaction that was above and beyond what I expected. Hartlee was wonderful! Quick, efficient, and personable. She explained everything to me that needed to be explained, and I truly hope that in my future endeavors with OneMain that Hartlee will be there to work with!"
"I was amazed at how smoothly the processed went.  Mia, the Rep who handled my account was articulate, professional, knowledgeable, personable, and very pleasant to work with.  Although the interest is high, I know it's due to my credit standing, but I would recommend OneMain to friends and family who are in a similar financial position."
Very professional quick process and was able to answer all my questions.  I needed a quick resolve and was given options. I will borrow again.
"Falsely portrayed preappoval amounts, interest and payment options online to get us to click on link to proceed. Once we proceeded stated online site is not accurate and that we had to rerun application in ****&nbsp;office. 2 hard inquiries hit our credit report. Offered over 30% interest for unsecured and secured options which we refused due to our credit union approval for 10% we continue to receive denial emails and inquiries from One Main. We were not denied we opted not to go with One Main. We will never use them again and will stick with credit union or bank."
I met Michelle.. She is very helpful. Explained  in full details and very clearly. She is very patient.
"Always Helping Me,In My Time Of Need
?? I LOVE OneMain Financial"
OneMain are awesome! The people that work at the ******&nbsp;branch are awesome very helpful and they are on their A game thank you so much for helping me and my family we greatly appreciate it
"One Main Financial earned 10 stars for being professional, personal, courteous, &amp; quick. The process was painless and I would definitely recommend them to anyone needing assistance."
The process for my loan was very easy and very fast. I am happy with One Main Financial as my lender.
Ms Kelli was such a god send! She helped me through every step and never gave up on helping me get the piece of mind I was seeking with the help from one main financial. I will tell everyone I meet that need some help that the best place to go is here. Thank you for everything!
Thank you for your assistance and patience while working with a new customer.  You were not only quick and accurate but assisted me every step of the way.  Thank you for helping me when no one else would.
The staff was amazing and fast too I was in and out.
The whole process was straightforward and quick. Everything was well explained and I did not feel pressured at all.
"My experience with everyone I talked to was exceptional.Process was very easy,and had my money within a couple hours."
"Arrived to their site through credit karma. Made a fair offer on their site, their Agent Monica in ** ****&nbsp;was on top of it and made immediate contact with me. Litteraly with in two hours i had applied, spoken with monica and was deposited the loan. Monica walked me through every step that seemed confusing, her requests for validification of identity and employment were very reasonable. Thank you One main, you have impressed me."
My experience was good. I didn't have any problems from start to finish.
Great experience girls were very helpful here in ********&nbsp;Colorado ????
"It was a very fast process, and I had my loan within days. Sheri went over everything with me and made sure I understood before signing any paperwork. I have never had a problem with One Main Financial, this is my third loan."
I had a great experience.  Kathy was so helpful and explained everything.
Excellent job very courteous and helpful outstanding Will recommended to friends thank you one main financial thank you Melissa Ms *****
Great job and thank you for your help I appreciate it !
great experience the people there very friendly and helpful thank you for your help
Great service and friendly staff and speedy delivery of funds!
They help me to get me what I needed. Close enough to what I wanted. Low payments. So I can pay it off quicker.
"Initially, I believed to have a good relationship but quickly soured when I was solicitated with an offer for loan refinance/cash out. Although I have requested specific reasons why I was denied there was discussion between LaTonya and I then subsequently Eric. It was discussed that I was denied due to being homeless or not being able to verify an address via a credit report. I was also told length of time on my current job and purportedly an issue with payment history. If this weren't enough and but for my persistency, I asked what Credit Bureau was used  for which initially LaTonya wouldn't disclosed. However, my credit monitoring services alerted me to all (3) reports being utilized. Yet, Eric said they only used one; but hard inquiries were initiated with all (3) albeit they alleged they only used Experian. Despite proof to the contrary, they are unwillling to remove/correct my bureau files of Equifax and TransUnion as it is unfair to use all three bureaus when you state you only used Experian."
Joe and I did play phone tag for a bit but it was due to our schedules nothing about Joe not wanting to take my calls.  I have worked with One Main Financial Group for about a year now and they have been very helpful.
Great experience. Very friendly and efficient staff. Easy application process.
"At first I was a little hesitant. It's my first personal loan and I was worried that I wouldn't get approved for the amount I needed. Turns out I was approved for more than I asked for. Very very fast and Maggie helped me SOOOOO much, I appreciated her so much for breaking everything down for me and being so incredibly patient with me and the questions I had. Getting the money was super fast too. Applied one day, answered questions that same day I applied, made an appointment to come in person to sign papers and next day had the money. I would definitely take out another loan, of I was in a pinch."
Everything was tip notch! I was treated very well indeed
Great experience very knowledgeable and always friendly and gives all the information before signing documents.
Misleading and have no idea what a customer needs to do for them as the requirements keep changing whille applying for on of their loans
I applied in the morning and before the end of the day I had my mone.
"It was a very fast process, and I had my loan within a week. The employee went over everything with me and made sure I understood the different subjects before I signed any paperwork, so there was no hidden features.  I have never had a problem with One Main Financial, this is my third loan"
"The representative was helpful and diligent in ensuring I was prepared before going into the office to close the personal loan. The rate, a bit high, that I accepted remained unchanged from what I was originally quoted, so there were no surprise, &ldquo; gotcha&rdquo; moments. The process was a bit long, but it was straightforward. I&rsquo;m a new client, so this review on pertains to loan acceptance and onboarding process. Would recommend."
Very proffesional and quick process and superfast funding just in less 3 hours after closing process !!!!
Service was great the email was very misleading to refinance.
"I received excellent  service . The agents were well informed. Communication was clear, professional  and  consumer friendly. Thank you!"
"Outstanding customer service! They listen, then they offer the best they have."
Absolutely recommend your services to anyone hands down the best .
"Wow Great service  ! Marcus  was great on the phone  when I called he was able to convince me  how  trustworthy
One main financial is .  Great team work!!!
Highly recommend.??"
"I will tell you 1 thing. The best customer service l ever had. Nick,****** are great help. They helped me out when l was down. The loan l just got helped me out. Thank you."
Fabian is awesome in helping me with my loan. Fast transactions.
"Shane, as always, does an excellent and professional job in the loan process."
They helped me through a tough time. Great Staff. Very helpful!
One Main has been a great company to work with!
"Was not satisfied with Customer Service, when I took off from work, came into office and was told after I completed application, that a Representative did not have time to process funds to my account.  I found that their personal matters were more important than business."
"Representative was patient, explaining everything in detail, professional and very knowledgeable. She made my experience very easy and a success!"
"I have been getting loans with onemain for years, I find the members at the **************&nbsp;office pleasant and easy to work with. They make the process seamless."
"Very disappointed with this company because I was in contact with them as I was going a surgery because I found out I had cancer. I was told not to worry just keep in touch.
I did that then once I paid them off they put on my credit that I missed payments.
Very upset and disappointed about it as my credit has been spotless. And I did everything they said.
Staff was great up until that point.
I will never use them again"
"When we originally opened our loan, the process was lengthy but went fine.  One Main reached out to us about getting some extra cash and was was supposed to be a simple process was an unfortunate dramatic ordeal and we ended up going through the entire process, declined and no one even reached to us.  The employee (Eric) received all documents from us but believe he intentionally declined our loan to be ugly.  The manager was no help either, she was just as rude.  Such a disappointment with this place and regret ever being a customer here..."
"This business is a loan shark!!!  My loan amount: $6,000, but interest charged is: $$7,000! DO NOT USE THIS BUSINESS!"
"2020..was a good srart
2021
2022  then i changed offices
2023 was a disaster
w new office
i hope someone is keeping...track of this financials ethics and porcedures
what a joke  dont send me an email on the day i made my payment and tell me im late
totally unprofessional.. lack of class
u wouldnt believe their work up on my last loan
it was a pathetic loan pkg  mess
and extra chgs added in the loan amt
i will pay them off but im reviewing every month.
there deeds...wont go unnoticed"
"This company is the worst lending company I&rsquo;ve dealt with.   I received an email saying I was pre qualified for a personal loan amount.  I didn&rsquo;t really need the funding as I was curious the relationship I could build with them and I answered the email.  They proceeded to tell me to put my information in and that I was qualified.  I uploaded all my documents showing my verifiable income of over 330k annually with little deductions.   They then proceeded to calculate my monthly take home incorrectly twice, first extending an offer of $1500 and then calling me back with no offer.  When asked what was the Underwriting and process the customer service representative Stephanie in the *** *****&nbsp;Office stated they will send a letter.  She was not only incompetent but not helpful at all.  This company was the worst to deal with on any level.  They will run your credit and not help you at all.
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY FOR FINANCES."
Thanks for your service Angela was so helpful would definitely recommend to others
"Great Staff.
Process was a little bit long.
Not happy with the actual interest rate that was kept from me until after 3 hours of forms and just waiting.  Process needs to be streamlined. I  understand loans are credit based, but I  came in expecting a 19.99 rate and walked out with 26.?? Way too high!!"
"Outstanding customer service!  They listen, then they offer the best they have for what you can afford."
They was friendly and very helpful in the *********&nbsp;nc office.
Gracie was very helpful and very respectful. She made me feel very comfortable with my financial situation.
Great service!! Quick and easy process! Will definitely recommend to my friends and family!
Just a simple Thank You and my Loan Officer was the BEST!!!
Everyone was great knowledgeable catered to all my needs and very helpful.
"Stephanie is a pleasure to work with, made the experience quick and painless! Thank you!"
Easy process; help when I needed it. Toccara was very helpful.
Great response time and great service. Thank you very much for everything!
I will never do business with One Main again! They manipulate your account so that it will take you longer to pay it off.  The 1st of the year I had 9 more payments to make on my account. After making my regular payment for January I made an extra payment which would have brought my account balance down to 4more payment.  When I checked my statement it showed the payment had not posted. I called the *********&nbsp;Ga. branch and spoke with a very nasty lady who informed me the payment was made from the wrong bank account..  I explained that was impossible because I signed into my account online and paid with the info that was already set in my account. The same bank info that I made my regular payment with is the same bank info that I made the extra payment with just 7 days earlier!  This company has account people who are nasty and tell lies!  Do not do business with them.  They do not want you to pay off your loan.  The longer you pay the more money they make!!!!!
"I think they are great, and they  look out for your best interest , friendly Environment
And friendly workers."
"Richard was great. Very professional and courteous. Easy experience, fast and answered any concerns I had.."
"They are great and very clear when explaining everything, so you're confident with the whole process. Satisfaction is guaranteed!!!"
They were very professional and explained everything in great detail. I definitely would recommend my friends and family to do business with them. Great company with great employees
"Quick, easy, did a great job handling my loan that day"
The young lady that waited on me was very professional and informative and thru the whole process thank you greatly appreciated Ms. W*****
It was made so easy at the branch.  Everything was done fast and accurately.   Thank you!
Gloria &amp; the ladies were sooooo helpful and accommodating. So efficient and kind.
"I want to give my review on OneMain Financial so, no one else gets scammed by their false claims. On Friday I applied for a loan and gave the loan officer, Jeff from the **********&nbsp;office on *********&nbsp;Rd., correct information regarding my husband&rsquo;s and my income. Jeff had told me I was approved and to just send in the supporting documentation. Once that was received, he said my money would be in my account that night. Well, I provided the documentation no less than 30 minutes after we got off the phone. I didn&rsquo;t hear from nor did he pick up when I called later that day so, I left a message. I waiting until this afternoon to see if he received the documentation and he still had not called me back. So, I called him and because of a mistake on HIS end, he told me I was denied. Please tell me how I am prequalified and get approved on Friday but, because of an incompetent employee like Jeff, I get denied today? BEWARE of OneMain Financial. I will never think about using them and I recommend no one does."
"I took out a loan for $4000, with no title for collateral, and about a year and a half later, they gave me another $3000 ( this time with auto title as collateral). However, I was unaware at the time, that the auto title was to use as collateral, and that I didn't know that One Main paid off my auto loan to secure my vehicle. I did not realize that they would add themselves to my title, and now they are wanting to take over the auto insurance on the car as well. It also upsets me that I never see my loan amount go down, and that One Main will not use full disclosure with me so that I can easily see what I owe, where my payments are being applied and when I can anticipate paying the loan off. I feel that the loan process was predatory because of the lack of clarity from One Main related to the lending process. I would not recommend anyone to do business with One Main Financial. I never missed a payment yet they are saying that I owed a late fee the sum of which is almost the amount of my payment. I would suggest that anyone should run not walk away from this company.
I will also be sending a copy to the Federal Trade Commission for them to look into this company."
"Terrible.
This company is supposed to be known as a lender that helps people with bad credit.
I applied for a loan, I even double confrimed all the offers I had on credit karma was legit. And was told that all my offers were indeed legit.
Was told all my documents were solid, and that my income and debt ratio was great and there should be no issues.
However I was denied last second, with no true explanation as to why I was denied and that it was a ""management decision"".
Even the lender employee who did my application was surprised that I was denied. He told me you make good money and all documents checked out and didn't understand why I was denied himself.
I complained to onemain customer service, and was contacted by a representative. They looked in to my application and confrimed as well income and documents were solid. And told me the reason I was denied was because they could not ""verify my income"".
I'm mind boggled by this, as I sent not 2 but 4 pay stubs. Even one with my last stub of the year that has my end of year totals.
I asked if there was a way we could fix the issue and i would do what ever was needed to verify my source of income. But was told that unfortunately the loan was closed already.. and that I'd have to apply again.
What blows my mind is all the unsecured loans and low apr offers completely dissapeared.. went from
-15-18% APR, unsecured, outstanding approval odds, over 20 different offers...to
-29-31% APR, only secured, and down to 5 offers and fair odds.
All this changed right after I was denied.
I don't understand why I was not contacted right away to fix this minor issue. Instead was just told they could not go back to the offer I choose.
How can my income not be verified? when I sent 4 legit pay stubs. And my company is a nation wide company.
For them to be like, oh well, better luck next. Instead of working with me to fix a issue that was their problem, not mine. Is just terrible business. And are not true lenders."
"I'm been told I have an account.
Yet every attempt I make to get an answer.
I'm told too follow certain steps and I don't get through.
I think there is an Identity theft crime has occurred.
I have applied for loans with this company but never actually had any.
I just want them to delete me out of there system and I'm good.
I have never experienced anything like this.
I don't want to be held accountable for funds I never received nor did I sign any contractually documents to receive funds.
There's not one person that I spoke with has given me helpful information.
Just remove me from their business and send me a letter stating that I have been removed from one main financial services period."
Everyone was very helpful and pleasant to work with. The unsecured loan and payments is better than I expected. Would recommend to follow senior looking for a loan.
"I was overly please with the whole process. The gentleman that helped me was very patient and kind.
Thank you so much. I would recommend my friends and family to this company."
Great people and friendly have shot anyway they can works with you and get you the best deal
I was so nervous but Rich was amazing he was nice he was kind he explained everything in detail as if I had any questions he made me feel at ease and it really helped a lot I recommend this place to anyone
"Tiffany, was very helpful, I had trouble sending over my paperwork &amp; told me how to do it. She was so understanding. Everything else went great. Thanks Tiffany"
"Well after taking the time to fill out the application online and through a 2 week time frame due to them having information incorrect. I was finally started with the actual loan process. I put in the notes about a disability I have to which I told them about multiple times, but after them approving everything they stated I need to be present to which I expressed that I had already informed them I could not be. But could have a notary appear and we could do all paperwork through the notary and after providing proof of my disability as requested by them. They did not reach back out. So I called them again and informed them I had submitted the documents after they said they had a 25 day time line for the start and finish of loans and said they would proceed with the loan application so my notary that handles this stuff for me took off work and was ready to bring the collateral and do the paperwork and all and I called them as they requested to which they stated the application had closed in the system and they would call me back that day and they never did. The gas lighting and ability to not accomadate a disability is rediculous. since so much is done online these days anyway. I had everything ready no cost to them and they still acted like their company policy out trumps disability laws and requirements for businesses. Highly dissappointed with this branch. I wish I could give a no star review. So if you have a disability know this company may not accomadate and will likely wait out their ""application"" time frame. There were many other things that happened during this time frame between myself and the company but to shorten the review i summed it up. Still waiting for my call back I figure I'll never receive."
Good people and every helpful..thank you for helping me out
"I just got the loan, so I don't have a long experience with the company. So, far the experience has been great. The application process is easy. The loan officer was very nice and patient. We did everything over the phone and she explained everything in detail and patiently waited for me to catch up :-). I'm hopeful the long-term experience will be just as great."
"I was happy to get a loan in the first place, and the fast approval and funding was a plus. However, the interest rate was a bit high. Melissa was very helpful in explaining the repayment plan and setting up autopay. Overall, I would recommend your services to others."
"Wonderful to work with. Courteous, professional and speedy process. They are my lifelong borrowing organization."
I  was impressed with the service I received so far just about to pay my first payment
Quick and competent.  Fast release of funds.  Great customer service .
Exceptional service. Everything was handled with friendly and knowledgeable service.
****** location is great! The store manager and my rep Ruth Ann were so attentive and helpful. I was having trouble making payments due to unexpected car issues. They researched and called me back with multiple options to keep my account current while also saving me money on my monthly payments and deferring a few payments to help me get back on track.
One main is great I would use them when ever I need a loan
Very friendly and business oriented employees.  Very clean and organized office.
I felt like the person  that helped me had a little attitude  and was little  pushy.  When I told them I didn't want to go a Certain direction  when I getting  the load and told them it didn't work for me. I felt pushed and ask why dont you wanna go that route and what different  does it make if we go this way or not.  Very pushy
"The process was so easy I couldn't believe it!! I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop and for them to keep telling me more things they needed or that they still had to review everything, but nope!! So sweet, so helpful, very clear and up front with everything and I was funded the next morning!! I'm so thankful they worked with me! It also made me feel more at ease knowing they're was a local branch where I could speak face to face with a real person. Thank you for helping me work towards a better future for me and my family."
Excellent. Quick and easy.  Everyone was super helpful and polite.  Especially Ava.
"Very easy, friendly and quick process. Everything was done online"
They were great! Fast and helpful through the process and getting me signed and funds ready all over the phone
"Can't seem to get a person on the phone. I'm not receiving adequate time to pay the bill on time. Usually get billing statement after the 5th of every month, and the payment is due on the 10th of every month. I'm not paying any late fees either."
"This company is EXTREMELY DECEPTIVE in their practice. We paid for the insurance in case my insurance went on unemployment. We had to use the insurance from 10/23-12/23. The insurance company made the FULL payments, but OneMain continued to also pull it from my account.
I am currently paid ahead until March 1st.
This morning I spoke to find ANOTHER $285.50 taken from my account even though my online account and statement both state I'm paid ahead until 3/1/24. This payment they took today caused my electric bill to bounce. I'm completely disabled and have a small child, and they won't give me the money back. They have taken $856.50 out of my account since October that wasn't owed to them. DO NOT USE THIS LOAN COMPANY. THEY ARE THIEVES!!!"
"******* Illinois location
I have been paying my loan on time for 3  years. My total has yet to drop more than $1500. My payment are $400 a month so I&rsquo;m confused on why it hasn&rsquo;t dropped. I ended up on a STD leave from work and called onemain to explain I havent been working. Since I was paying extra for the unemployment gap I figured that would be a great time to use it. The worker I spoke with said I couldnt use it unless I was fired. With that being said I ask to remove the unemployment charge from my loan. She processed with &ldquo;why can&rsquo;t you ask your boyfriend to pay it?&rdquo; I said excuse me? She said &ldquo;well I&rsquo;m just trying to give you different options.&rdquo; She gave me the hardest time removing the gap, I had to call the 800 number instead. Months later, I wanted to sell the vehicle due to financial hardship and convince them to give me the title back. Again, I am going through a financial situation and I explain that to them. I tried to refinance to try to lower my monthly payment. The Manager I spoke with didn&rsquo;t let me even attempt to refinance. He didn&rsquo;t want to help in any time of way. I explained I wouldn&rsquo;t be able to make my payment on time and he basically ignored me. Now, my due date is here and I can&rsquo;t pay it and he calls me over 10 times a day. Now I&rsquo;m getting letters saying they will sue me yet I explain my situation and got no help. I stopped answering calls because they just keep harassing me for a payment and unfortunately I just can&rsquo;t do it. They had no solution for me while on the phone with them but send me emails about lowering my payment. When I ask they don&rsquo;t know what I&rsquo;m talking about."
Process is easy and communication was clear from the begging. It was a great experienced.
Excellent fantastic beautiful fast easy it was fabulous. Can't thank you enough for helping me out.
"Friendly, helpful, very informative &amp; knowledgeable. Good service.  It was a pleasant experience and the approval was done in a timely manner, received funds in the timeframe given."
It was a great experience to receive loans from u.
Fast and easy getting loan. Agent responded quickly and was very thorough.
"felt comfortable discussing my financial needs, no pressure and no feeling of being questioned about my reason for needing a loan. Nicole was professional and always available to answer questions"
"Great people, friendly and helpful! Easy process to complete and saved my tail too! Can&rsquo;t believe how payments are so I should be able to pay more each month and have it paid in full in no time!"
It was easy and fast and the person was very nice
The ease of the transaction and the friendliness of the staff were exceptional.
"Excellent customer service,  very prompt and effective. The agent was very knowledgeable and experienced. Made the entire process very smooth!"
Company is very professional and good with help and friendly ??
I have always had a great experience with the team at One Main financial. They have always helped me
"Service was Great, Fast and Efficient!   Thank you So Much, Guys!"
I think they are great ! Helped me out and I really appreciate how they treated me . I give them a10. Thanks Candi!!
I think they're great.  They've helped me out when I'm in need.  I'd recommend them to anyone
"Easy and smooth process, thank you, MARIA...CAN'T WAIT FOR ANOTHER LOAN!!!"
"The best of service, Connie was a pleasure and the best on assisting me with the loan. Will definitely get my recommendation to anyone needing a loan"
"Kristen has been very professional and has been upfront at all times. She's done her best to help me when I've needed it. While my payment is higher than I'd like she's never pushed anything on me and always tells me if I need anything to give her a call. I'm grateful for the assistance I receive, I'm never called constantly if I'm not interested I'm not pushed. She's a good and honest rep to work with."
It was easy and the woman was friendly and easy to talk to!
Always  very  helpful with  all my needs  every  time  great people
They will not stop calling me. I don&rsquo;t want a loan or even have a loan with them. I never contacted them about anything. I want the calls to stop! It&rsquo;s every single day!
"I've dealt with Bianca on several occasions, She is extremely polite and knowledgeable and I would definitely recommend her to my friends and family"
Fast easy and great service! This is not my first loan with 1 main and probably not my last one!!!
"I was having a hard time getting a loan until I came here. I appreciated all of the efforts from start to finish. It was a long process which is normally not the case from what I understand but once Jahleel got involved to assist, he did everything he could to get it done. He had great energy, a calm and positive attitude and he explained things well. In the end, it was worth it. The money was quick to get to myself and my creditors. I would recommend inquiring if you need a loan."
Everything about the program is awesome.. you guys made my first time loan experience very comfortable and easy..
I love one main. I would refer people to one main.
They did a good job working with me  through any hiccups that came up to help me get my koan
"My loan specialist was kind, patient, and knowledgeable in explaining the terms of the loan with me"
My representative Victoria was awesome. She informed me of all the details of my loan and add-on options.
"Just suffered a heart attack and the manager at the *********, UT office was giving me grief.  Seriously, this is appalling how you treat customers.  I will not do business with them once this loan is paid off."
"I had a great experience, great help from friendly,customer service,job well done."
"My gosh, from the moment that I called until the money was deposited into my account.  The time went fast.  I was under a time crunch and you guys came thru fast.  I love this company.  MaryAnn was a big help and was so nice.  I enjoyed working with her."
Every thing went great and quick. I had no problems.
This is the first time I have done business with One Main and I was nervous about it. But Julia was so sweet and explained everything so well. Loved talking with her! Any question I had she got back to me fast.
Great customer service and really felt welcomed and not looked down upon because I needed a loan to catch things up. If needed again I would certainly use OneMain Financial Group.
Sharon was amazing from start to finish.. she was very helpful and made the process super easy
Great associates and very friendly! Would recommend to anyone who needs a loan.
Great customer service! Easy and fast process. I enjoyed my experience.
Fantastic customer service and so kind and patient to work with me. I&rsquo;m elderly with disabilities and made me feel we welcome and not different cause of my disabilities which means the world to me.
"I received an email offer from One Main Financial stating I was eligible for a very specific dollar amount loan based on my credit. The email stated I was eligible for a loan from $7500 - $14,000 depending on my current credit standing. Being an existing customer of there&rsquo;s, I agreed to the stipulations and proceeded with the process and completed the application. My credit was checked, and I took a hard inquiry hit to my beacon score. I waited a few days and after being approved, I was told then that in the state of Florida, I was only eligible for a lower dollar amount loan than the one specified in the original email. I&rsquo;ve been waiting days for a response on how to handle the issue, with no resolution. I tried calling several times and no one from the One Main Financial offices has made an attempt to assist with the issue."
"Continued relentless harassment as soon as 1 day past due date, due date not grace period, even if you have payment arrangements set up!!!!!!"
"I am a long time customer of One Main, they&rsquo;re always helpful in my time of need. Bridgett is like family, she&rsquo;s watched my son grow and now my grandchildren. She has the best customer service. Thank you One Main ********&nbsp;Branch!"
"Mark and his team are Great people to do business with.
This is my 2nd time and I would highly recommend them."
"I&rsquo;m very stressed out, I'm very worried and I&rsquo;m frankly very disappointed with the treatment and level of professionalism I&rsquo;ve received with your company one main financial. After several attempts to try and work together to try and pay and settle my account I have been unsuccessful and I've been mistreated by your staff members.
I feel taken advantage, I feel tricked into paying a huge amount of money with not only your extremely high intrest rates that seem to not change or ever lower your balance I&rsquo;ve paid for 4 years of nothing but intrest. When they make offers to you to try and settle your only met with false notices and promises. Don&rsquo;t fall for this company&rsquo;s high intrest loans. You will be in debt for the rest of your life."
I turned a car in for bankruptcy and they never filed the paperwork to take it out of my name now the person that owns it got tickets under my name I called one main financial and they stated we made a mistake it never happened before.
I am a repeat customer.  I was very impressed by the ease of my latest transaction.
Love the professional experience I received the day I went in the office!!! Definitely earned my trust and business!!
"I was quoted incorrectly over the phone. When I went in, my advisor had called in sick so my appointment was delayed even after having driven an hour for the appointment. I was then offered less than what I was quoted and had a higher interest rate. The manager said there was nothing he could do about it. Very poor service all the way around."
Customer service was excellent and you were in and out quickly. Very easy process.
"Shea was wonderful...she worked very hard to get my paperwork completed.
Also, the folks at the ""800 #"" were outstanding...very patient, and stayed on the line with me for a very long time.
Overall a very pleasant experience!"
I was thankful that I was approved because I really needed the money.  But the APR was too high and it's too much of a hassle getting what was needed to finalize the loan. Especially a loan that's below $3000.
Taylor was great and very helpful answered every question I ask
"I had a wonderful experience at One Main Financial! The staff greeted me so warmly and the manager, Pam did a great job. I was able to get more than I requested. I am so grateful for the opportunity to do business with One Main Financial!"
Great people great service very helpful and very friendly I will use them again
"As always the customer service given from One Main Financial personnel was polite, courteous, and everything done in a timely manner. I&rsquo;ve dealt with One Main for almost 20 years and have never been disappointed."
I was very happy with how fast and nice the people are
Mindy was very professional and knowledgeable.  The process was quick and easy. I had funds in my account the very next day!!!!
"You guys are Awesome!! Right when I needed financial help,You delivered right on time!! Thank you soooo much!"
Si far so go. Thank you. It was quick and easy.
Dakota was professional and very informative. She helped me in a time of need. She went above and beyond to see that I got what I needed. I would recommend One Main to anyone struggling. I look forward to a continue partnership with One Main.
Smooth process and completely satisfied. Anthony was professional and competent.
"I want to warn people about the horrible service from the Manager ********&nbsp;Store
Her name is Myra
I was scheduled for closing on line but never received the call from Emily.
When I called to office I was told Emily called in sick.
So I  was stood up for my closing.
Myra yelled to me that I was not their only customer.
I said you really have no business taking to a customer like that  she said that too bad and she didn't care.
I was a corporate manager for 40 years.
I have never seen any thing like this before.
Maybe it was  all just  fraud.
Just wanted people to know"
"I co-signed on a loan and the applicant fell into hard times.  I will not say that there weren't issues with the loan payments being made on a timely basis but they did offer to work with me regarding lowering payments, etc. for the loan. I used my personal vehicle as collateral on this loan and then, unfortunately, my vehicle was totaled in an accident while out of the state caused by a truck driver. They had NO problem collecting the check from the insurance company to satisfy the loan and didn't bother to call and tell me the insurance company had called them directly.  Any phone calls to work with me totally stopped. Knowing that I would need monies for a down payment on a new vehicle, I applied solely for a new loan. I was denied. Terrible way to treat a customer who clearly needed assistance even if in the short term."
"This is a scam company.  I work with a company to re-build my credit because it dropped so drastically when I successfully paid of my third loan on time. I paid the first two off early so I was told it wouldn't help my credit. Paid the third one off on time, not one payment late and my score dropped over 100 points. Can't get a card, can't get a loan, nothing because my score dropped. So, this credit building company sent me info that I qualified a loan through one main. Gave them all my private info from my home I own, cars I own, how much I make, let them look inside my private bank account and I had to give my social security account. To be told I can't have a loan because I would have to give them a car I own for a loan. That is insane. I paid for my car. Why would I sign it over to you for 5k$ on a loan so I can rebuild my credit?  It isn't heinous. I've gotten loans And purchased cars with less credit. Definitely a scam and how they have everything they need to steal everything I own. I told the woman who called claiming to rep the company that was a ludicrous suggestion and why send something saying I qualify when you are just trying to take my car?  Not reputable at all and I definitely regret giving them my info thinking they were a real bank"
"******* Ohio office employees are totally and completely AWESOME!!!!  I have been a customer for a while now and they never let me down.  They are always very helpful and pleasant to work with and talk to.  They all deserve any accolade that you give out!!!
SINCERELY!!!!"
"Ease of getting loan great.  However, due to an error in entering for direct deposit, check was not deposited.  Five days later after several emails both with OneMain and my bank, it was noted, thank goodness, that the account number did not exist.  This necessitated an addition trip to pick up the paper check and clarify the correct account number. This was accomplished quickly and easily once I was again in the office."
"Process was very easy.  Representation was very knowledgeable regarding the process.  Very pleased with the service provided.
-Desmond"
"Brittany did a great job getting my loan approved, paperwork prepared, and getting me out the door in a short amount of time. I appreciate this company very much!"
"Kendall was very helpful. This is my second loan with this company. Actually offered me more than I asked for!
Very easy people to talk to and they help you understand everything."
****** Ga Branch made everything easy..quick&hellip;Debbie was very knowledgeable and helpful!&hellip;I am a repeat customer and 2nd was fast and smooth as the first time!
I always enjoy working with OneMain Financial. I plan on recommending OneMain to all my friends.
I received EXCELLENT service from the staff with processing my loan.
"Service was great, staff courteous, and they made sure to address all areas."
Your rep Connor did an excellent job explaining and guiding me through the whole process. This is my second experience with One Main and I was extremely satisfied both times.
"I have had such a wonderful experience with the team at the ******&nbsp;one main. Every time they r friendly, efficient, and personable. Cheyenne will be an excellent branch manager one day. I will def be back next time I need something. Thank you team ******!!!"
Very professional and helpful with everything. Congenial and explained everything in a way I could understand.
My Loan application was easy to fill out and understand.  Funds was dispersed straight into my bank account within hour of approval.
"Worst experience ever, approval takes 3 minutes then the  nightmare  starts after credit checks and verification completed&hellip;Day 1 .. Bank rejects ACH due to routing&hellip; WHY DO YOU THEN VERIFY BANKING ???? Day 2 Re-issue of another check can not be done until bank reports reflect &ldquo;return&rdquo; 5 Days later return shows on report.. Debit card  transaction can be done but only if a new credit check is run&hellip; mess my credit score up some more&hellip; Answer was no , I prefer to pick up the check &hellip; I drove 85 Miles to collect the check and bank before 12:00 pm&hellip; Bank informs me the check is on hold for 5 days&hellip; but ONE MAIN Financial said the check  will be release next day if I go to the bank and deposit  check&hellip; nothing that One Main financial says is true&hellip; 7 Days after my application was approved and contract signed&hellip; still no money in my account but interest is charge to make payment in the end of the month&hellip; RUN PEOPLE.. stay away from ********&nbsp;branch&hellip;"
Lynn was amazing! She walked me through the process step by step!
"Excellent customer service. I was very please with the financial assistance I received.I would certainly recommend One Main Financial.
Charles W*********"
The girls were very respectful and professional.   They made the process very easy for me.. I would definitely recommend them.
"My experience with OneMain Financial was exceptional due to the assistance I received from Delaina for a personal loan from the *********, Montana office. She walked me through the process with patience and kind consideration. She represents professionalism well. I was astounded by the rapid approval and release of funds by OneMain for my loan and appreciate that I am able to call Delaina to make my payment. Thank you."
"My time applying was fast, painless. The amount was directly deposited to my checking account.  I have been a customer for years.
The people at One Main are ALWAYS very helpful.
Carl"
"Very nice and courteous service, proffenialism of staff. Easy to apply and easy requirements. Quick review and approval. Received funds in a same day."
"Onemain is top notch and really easy to work with. In a time when i was in a tight spot they came through and helped me with some cash to get some bills paid, Brooke and Chuck made the process very painless and worry free, borrowing money is never an easy thing to do, but they took the stress out of it. .Thank you Brooke for your patience and professionalism in my time of need. I will recommend you guys to anyone and everyone. Thanks again......."
"One Main Financial has helped me when nobody else would!  Thank you for helping me get my life back on track.  As little as it means because it's just a small $20,000 loan but helped me and my family get back on track after years of getting turned down by banks.  I will NEVER deal with banks again!  One Main Financial you've got a friend/client for life!  Also Curt from the ********, OH branch deserves a pay raise.  He made everything so simple and was so nice he explained everything thoroughly so I never for a second felt pressured or duped into signing anything I didn't feel comfortable signing.  Thank you again Curt and the One Main Financial Team!!  Happy Holidays!!"
"Very professional, helpful, understanding, patient and definitely gave me a chance. I appreciate the employees and this company. This loan was much needed. Helped me very much and paying the loan back won&rsquo;t put me in a financial jam. Highly recommend if you need help in any way to come here."
I have been getting loan from one main for many year. Very professional pleasant experience
"rough. your associated were apologetic, but the experience was terrible. and i have used 2 different branches. i could not be more displeased. everything from start to finish was very stressful and disorganized. the amount i was approved for changed 4 times. incorrect information, constant back and forth, additional info requested after they said i was all set for closing. i cant wait to pay this off and be done with one main."
You were professional handling my case.  It had its challenges since I recently moved to another state.
"?? Great ??  ??  ?? ? ?? Thank-you ??
Thankyou Many thanks Mercier Gratsia Gracia Dana Excellent!"
"They have always been there for me when needed in a timely matter with such awesome customer service. They make you feel like part of the family. I would recommend them to everyone, they are the best."
Horrible horrible horrible company. After making 2 payments a month on time for 6months no issues they charged off my account for absolutely no reason at all. Which screwed my credit. Horrible horrible horrible in every way.
Very prompt service. Answered all my needs and took the time to show me all possibilities.
"OneMain has been a lifesaver for me, they helped me in my greatest financial need."
Just amazing people! So simple and explains everything to you!! My representative Ariel was just amazing . They give you options to what loans best fits you.
"The staff was great, my loan officer was Haley in the ********&nbsp;WV.  She took the time to listen to what I needed the loan for and then worked with me to secure the loan quickly. Was a great experience and will definitely  call again if I ever need another loan."
Only a one star because they called me back next morning. I&rsquo;m an older yet considered a smart educated older male. They use the bait and switch with qualified offers. Yes I was approved. I have an average credit score of 750 with no late payments or defaults in loans and credit cards. They send a prequalified offer of 14.45%. You apply and get approved and guess what it jumps to 18.6% for 5 years. Not bad almost $3500 interest. Not bad for someone that is desperate that is. I asked where the 15.4% I was offered at 60 months. She said hold on and come back and said I can do that at 36 months and your payment go up at almost $100 month. lol. If you&rsquo;re even semi educated you can see where I&rsquo;m going with this. Never ever believe those prequalified offers because once you apply you can&rsquo;t get the inquiry off your credit report even when approved. That my friend is called bait and switch. You know who you are. I seen her name in a couple of negative reviews.
They were very helpful professional and caring! And answered all my questions!
Process was simple start to finish. My loan officer was amazing.
"I attempted to pay off my bright way card, The company incorrectly processed the payment and I am still waiting on the overage that I had to pay while they were trying to figure out it was their error. I spoke to Morgan today and well the funds that I paid over the amount has been sent to me in a check (by regular mail) and well, I guess I will get it whenever.
Please note I tried to pay my account on 11/17 due to their error ( processed the payment under the wrong account) I had to wait 15 days due to their processing procedures ( it was their error).
Currently the funds are in the mail and it's 12/26.  Again, it was their error but as a customer I have to wait, escalate, and then be told by Morgan, that she was on vacation.
Again, this started on 11/17, I've had to pay on the account due to the fact that they were holding a $1700 check, caused by their processing error.
Not acceptable, especially since the funds were held over the Thanksgiving Holiday and Christmas Holiday. Again, this was their error!!!!"
Very easy process. I had my loan in record time. Danielle was awesome. Thank you very much for a great experience.
"Representative was friendly, respectful and professional. She answered our questions and concerns. The entire was very easy and was not time consuming. From first meet until we walked out approved was less than 2 hours. Very effective and efficient."
Very prompt and professional with low rates. Thank you will recommend
"Great bank,  very nice people and they work with you really fast,  used them twice already and I have no complaints. I will recommend this place to everyone."
My experience was really great.  I was greeted upon arriving and everything was done efficiently and quickly.  All I can say is your staff were GREAT!
Everything was all good. We had no problems with getting the loan. Thank you
"I am confused!  I was denied verbally over the phone even though onemain ran my credit history the system approved me online for a secure loan between $9100 to $15000.  My take home pay is descent but I needed a small personal loan that I know I could payoff quickly. Also, I had a previous loan some years ago with onemain that was paid off.  So the first customer service rep wasn&rsquo;t making any sense to me to denied me over the phone even though I was approved for the amount above.  Note: So, I requested to speak to a supervisor and she said that he wasn&rsquo;t available and she was trying to get me off the phone by saying have a good day but I repeatedly asked for a supervisor. Another person got on the phone which it was a woman and both were white women said that they could not approve me for anything and that I will receive a letter stating why I was denied&hellip;"
Gave me  more than asked for at a lower monthly payment  thx.
Emily made it very easy and explained everything that I needed with a great explanation on how everything works.  She was spot on Kudos to her&hellip;
They make the process so fast and easy. The young lady from the **********&nbsp;MS office was so helpful and friendly. Our second loan in a year will definitely come back and recommend to friends.
They have awesome customer service! I love doing business with them.
"Awesome experience
Quick and simple very good quality service outstanding"
As always it was a fantastic business transaction. We were able to conduct our business in a speedy time period. we came in and talked with a very knowledgeable young woman. She is an amazing OneMain employee. She made everything very simple. Thank you OneMain for being there for us.
My loan agent Ms Tiffany at the ************&nbsp;branch was not only extremely professional but also friendly. She gave me sound advise advised me of my options was patient with answering my questions. I felt very comfortable with the loan process. She made it easy to understand and I felt I could trust her. I will definitely recommend all my friends to One Main Financial especially Tiffany
"They made it very easy for us to get what we needed,and the Agent wasvery helpfull for us.                                                           Thank you."
"Monica was very helpful and great customer service. She explained every detailed and help me made the process easy for me. Thank you for all your help, Monica!"
"Life savers! Any time I get in a real bind, One Main is there to help!"
"This was a wonderful experience for me.  Sue was so sweet and helpful.  She answered every question I had and explained everything thoroughly.  One Main Financial will help me rebuild my credit.  I truly appreciate the financial help at a time that I needed it the most.
Thank you and God bless!
Jen *****&nbsp;"
"Smooth transaction
Great friendly knowledgeable extremely helpful employees. A special thanks to Tiffany who helped me get what I needed to pay down credit cards I used for copays to a health issue. This loan saved us $300 month in cc payments and kept our current loan with one main the same. A very Merry Christmas is was. Now the both of us on SS have breathing room ."
Laurel from the **********&nbsp;Branch made this whole thing happen because of my lack of computer usage. Give this woman a raise.
The offer I received and called for I didn&rsquo;t get.  When asked to download items it took several tries for them to go through They gave me another amount other than that the service was good.
My experience was very good and I got know more things.??
EVERYTHING SMOOTH SO FAR I HOPE THEY DON'T  CHANGE FOE THE WORST I LIKE THIS COMPANY HOPEFULLY I GET A BIGGER LOAN NEXT TIME THAT I REALLY WANTED BUT FOR NOW ILL JUST WORK WITH WHATEVER THEY HAVE GIVEN ME THANKS GUYS APPRECIATE IT Y'ALL KEEP BLESS..
"I dealt with Scott and he was great.  I wanted a loan to consolidate high interest credit cards.  Other companies said I would have to want more then $10,000 before they could help me.  One Main Financial offered the $10,000 but would also give me a loan at the smaller amount I wanted.  Their interest rate was 10% lower than any of the other companies.
I hope my family isn't as reckless with their credit cards as I was but if they do need a loan I will definitely suggest they use One Main Financial.
Bobbie G***********"
Very quick and easy staff is very professional. I did everything online from home and had funds the next morning.
Very friendly and the loan process was quick recommend to family and friends
It was terrific! Couldn't have been more helpful! I will recommend it
"Very helpful , friendly, and I recieved my payment quickly.
Thank you for all your help in getting me a loan. I will tecommend one main financial to others.
Andrew ******"
Very friendly and didn&rsquo;t take long simple process would do it again
"Manager Martina and Team at OneMain Financial, *********&nbsp;NC Branch are beyond amazing and my expectations of Professional service! Martina, OneMain-********* is my 'go to' for Financial assistance and has been for many years. All matters whether it be applying for a new loan, assistance needed on my existing loan or general customer service, my needs are met in a superior fashion with respect and very quickly..also so friendly! I am so very grateful for Martina, One Main *********&nbsp;NC for handling my financial needs. FIVE STARS"
"Absolutely wonderful customer service and we were able to do everything over the phone! Highly recommend
!!"
"I called One Main today to see if I can get an accurate statement. The one listed online had me owing money when the account is in the clear. I spoke to several staff at the *********, MD branch, Customer Service and was given the run around. Everyone was giving me numbers to people who couldn't help or transfer me to people who couldn't help. The worst of them all was a supervisor by the name of Kelvin C*****. He cut me off multiple times when I was speaking, yelled at me and told me I don't know how things work because I don't work at One Main. I have never dealt with such a rude, disrespectful person in leadership. Even worse, I still don't have a resolution to my statement being incorrect. Worst company ever."
"I used One Main in July 2021 for a debt consolidation loan of $9,000 and was made to feel like this would help and benefit me by their ""sales"" people. It is now December 2023 and I have made over $7000 in payments on this loan and STILL owe $7,200. Tell me how that benefits me. Tell me how that makes sense, even with ""fees"" I count using One Main as one of the biggest financial mistakes of my life. They prey on people trying to work on their debt, they bank on the fact that the average person does not understand their jargon. This debt keeps me up at night, I stress about it every month, have become depressed and feel like I will never break free from this amoral institution. Run away."
False advertising and approvals. It&rsquo;s an utter waste of time. Oh and they will affect your credit score with no intentions on helping.
My husband and I love OneMain Financial!!  They're always there for us and make the borrowing process super simple and fast!!  Thank you :)
I&rsquo;ve dealt with one main in the past. No problems
The staff was very friendly and professional. It took no time at all to process paperwork.
"I&rsquo;ve been going to OneMain on and off for many years now at the Riverhead location and had a pleasure dealing with Kristyn and Stephanie. Very customer, friendly and professional highly recommend seeing them if you need loan"
"Executive has expertise in dealing with case. The process is quick.
Great work"
"I needed a loan and I tried just about everywhere, and my credit score was pretty good until I checked other places and by the time I found One Main Financial, my credit score had went down a lot!!!!But I tried them anyway, and I couldn&rsquo;t believe they financed me a loan, they are the nicest people I have ever dealt with, but I sure didn&rsquo;t think I could be approved for much,,, I was wrong they worked hard to get me a loan and I&rsquo;m very grateful for their help, I was approved for alot more than I had imagined, and my payments was low too!!!THANK YOU. One Main Financial for helping me when I needed it the most!!!"
"This company has false &ldquo;pre-approved&rdquo; advertising. The amount I was &ldquo;pre-approved&rdquo; for wasn&rsquo;t even close to what they offered me. They did a hard credit pull only to tell me after the fact that my offer was 6,000 less than expected. Their advertising is predatory and completely misleading."
"Very simple and easy process, the people were easy to work with"
"I was trying to consolidate around 20k in credit card debt. They did a soft pull on my credit and I was told in writing a qualified for a loan with a lower monthly payment. I called back and was told they needed to do another soft pull. Afterwards, they said I did qualify for that loan ( although nothing had changed) and that my only option was a program that required me to default on all my credit cards payments. This naturally brought up more questions. At this point the rep hung up on me once she sensed I wasn&rsquo;t going to take the loan. I called back annoyed but calm to explain the situation. The second rep would not provide his name and hung up on me a second time. This company will hold your debt over head and use fear as a motivator to bait and switch whatever product they&rsquo;re pushing. DO NOT use this company."
Everything was handled professionally as expected. I appreciate this level of expertise in my world.
My loan officer was extremely knowledgeable and professional. The process was very easy and quick. The whole experience was absolutely awesome.
Everyone was very nice and knew the answers to my questions.
A wonderful experience with Shay who processed my loan. Will recommend to others who are experiencing a financial hardship.
Quick and easy. Everything explained up front. Staffing is excellent. You are treated very well.
"Great customer service. Customer friendly and speed of service.
Representative was very understanding and professional. Plenty of parking and great hours of operation."
"Hi, to whom it may concern
I hope this message finds you well. I'm writing to address a pressing concern regarding a recent double car payment. On November 30th, 2023, I inadvertently submitted two payments and called my local branch explaining this. The representative sent me a 'test' emailing showing my bank statements that the payment had came through I promptly responded to your team's email seeking a refund. Regrettably, I haven't received any updates or acknowledgment since.
With December's payment scheduled for autodraft on the 30th, it's crucial to resolve this matter promptly. I'm left uncertain about the status of my refund and concerned about its impact on my finances.
Could you please prioritize and provide an update at your earliest convenience? Your prompt attention to this issue is greatly appreciated.
Thank you"
Jelly was absolutely amazing! She made the entire process easy and quick! She explained everything clearly and answered any questions I had. She was very professional while being warm and friendly.  Will definitely recommend to family and friends!
"Steve **** was perfect. He helped me in every way he was patient. He explained the details of the loan I highly recommend calling and ask to talk with Steve **** fantastic fantastic service! Thank you,
Marisa ******&nbsp;
***** *******&nbsp;Ca ."
The process was quick and easy and Ash was a pleasure to work with. Would definitely recommend!
"Everyone was awesome! Very Helpful and very nice, answered questions when I asked and made sure I understood! Very patient with me, I appreciate everyone involved in my case! Thank You Very Much!  I&rsquo;ll definitely do business again if need be!"
"Everything went great quick and easy, was very satisfied with the results"
You folks pulled through for me again and I certainly enjoy the rapid turn around from start to finish.The people at the ******&nbsp;New York branch know their stuff and are very helpful every step of the way.
"The gentleman who assisted me was very nice and kind. He made my whole experience very pleasant and stress free.
The whole experience was maybe an hour or a little longer. But everything was so stress free. Thank you for your business."
Jasmine was wonderful and so helpful through the process! Thank you Jasmine!
"Been working with these folks for a few years now, and they have been very helpful with every question I have had with my loan, payments, set up and signing. Very knowledgeable and even put in the extra effort to stay late to get me all the information I needed to finish my loan. highly recommend."
Great experience knowledgeable staff getting my loan was fast and eay
I was treated professionally and very kind and everything was explained to me.
Everything was detailed and easy to understand thank you so much for help giving
"Christie is professional, respectful, and answers all of my questions completely. She doesn&rsquo;t rush me, and is extremely supportive."
Nice place for a quick loan. Would have gave 5 stars if interest rate better.
"Great,  friendly and professional staff! I have been with this company for 30 years!"
"Very helpful agents, friendly and professional. I would recommend them to my friends  and family."
Very nice and knowledgeable people to deal with. With definitely be getting more business from me in the future.
Was preaproved for a loan and was only told after they ran my credit that I would have to use a vehicle for collateral. This was not disclosed prior to them running and hitting my credit. I own and operate a dealership so I do not have a personal car. If this information was disclosed I would have not applied.
"Was told I was approved for a loan on credit Karma and I simply had to call and finalize transaction. Called sent them every document they asked for. Was told they would call within 2 hours. Never received a call and next day got a denial email.
This is a very deceptive practice and I took a hit for a hard credit check for nothing. Seems like some sort of scam to tell you you&rsquo;re approved only to deny you later. It makes me wonder if the receive commission for applicants. I just want everyone know how deceptive this is."
Always nice and easy and great staff they were very helpful
Very friendly and helpful. Would recommend them to anyone Clinton one main is the best
Nice experience. Great staff at office. No complaints. Would recommend!
"Approved for more than expected. The process was quick, and money was deposited into my account in less than an hour."
"EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!
Always there when I need them and very helpful!"
"They helped me so much, and I appreciate everything they did for me,Great experience will continue to do business in the future."
"The staff and service at the Mandeville/Covington location was very kind, prompt and professional."
Very professionall. and able to answer all my questions thoroughly.
"OneMain was able to assist us, and guide us through the least of the high interest loans. Our advisor also spent time giving us advice on how to most quickly pay it back so that it would rebuild our credit and be less expensive. Of course high interest loans aren't the best choice for anyone, but many of us get backed into a corner, and this company helped us when we needed the money that day. Thanks!"
Mario was excellent and helpful and understanding made the process very clear and easy process h
Angela was great she made it very easy for me to get my loan. Angela was very nice and professional. Thank you Angela. Hope you have a great week!
"Always a pleasurable experience handling my financial needs. Coco, Sharron and the rest of the staff, do an outstanding job."
"Kasia gave me an excellent service
Keep up the good job
And Onemain financial will be on top"
I've got to say that OneMain (more specifically Caleb) went above and beyond. Worded everything in regular English and made a point to ask me if I had any questions. Highly recommend and appreciated!
Professional and easy process to finalize the loan. Linda in *******&nbsp;DE is awesome.
Great job. Thanks for our help. Happy holidays   I appreciate it
Very easy process. Once everything was turned in and reviewed docs were prepared and I was done within 30 minutes. I loan was funded within the hour. Lower payment. Much lower interest rate and the loan representative was very nice and professional.  Great experience over all.
I think they very helpful her name was mary she talked me though it all with ease
Very friendly people and was glad they were able to help me out.
Brandy was courteous and knowledgeable.  She was patient with my questions. She explained things clearly.
Very nice very professional very helpful  And very kind people The greek you would have smiled
They are very nice and makes it easy to understand and easy to get a loan if needed it right away.
Get these morally bankrupt people out of town. Complete waste of time
First and last time I will use this company. Period!
"One Main financial does not clarify the insurances one purchases with their loan. After losing my job and now working with a lower income , I found out that there is a limit to what the insurance pays out. even though one signs the contract the consumer is NOT AWARE of the true nature of what the insurance covers. The just tell you, it covers your loan amount if you lose your job. This is NOT the case. buyers beware."
Was easy to get a loan but we have been paying for a few years now and what we owe only drops 20 or 30 dollars. Most all of our payments are going to interest so it seems we will never get them paid off which is hurting us bad financially and they will not work with us. Will never use them again or recommend
very professional a lot less complicated than i expcted i was suprised  my loan was approved and depositied the same day
"Noticed a change on my credit report. There was a hard inquiry from this company that brought down my credit score. I have NOT ever applied for any loans with this company so why are they pulling my credit? I am not sure exactly which location is responsible, but I will be finding out!"
"Bad experience, I opened an account to get some extra cash and it&rsquo;s been two weeks since my signing date and no money in my account yet, I&rsquo;ve called and emailed a local branch and all they say is there having problems with there bank and have not offered me any solutions to get this resolved. I&rsquo;m two weeks away from my first scheduled monthly payment for money I haven&rsquo;t even received!!!"
Very courteous and professional. The only issue I had was it was hard to hear my lender as she spoke. She was masked and she had to repeat herself numerous of times on questions she had asked me.
Great company to borrow from. Will definitely use them again. I&rsquo;ll also refer them.
"I want to thank Carolyn for helping me to make a quick loan. When something comes up so suddenly and you need help, she did everything she could to help me."
Very helpful and professional. Always good and staff is always friendly. Would recommend them to my friends.
"Easy and quick transaction for loan approval with knowledgeable, helpful staff."
"They helped me so much, and I appreciate everything they did for me"
Great experience will continue to do business in the future.
Honestly great experience. It did take longer then expected but still less then 7 days. I wish i was able to get a little more but What i was approved for was very helpful. EVERYONE i spoke to and continue to speak with is amazing and very very helpful.
Always recieve outstanding service and very polite and happy workers who care about their customers needs if they can help they absolutely will our experience was with the ************.il location and will always recommend them to anyone thanks OneMain for all you do
"Easy and fast and very friendly, staff was very professional and non judgmental."
It was a very transparent and easy process to complete and went well
The branch I went to was very helpful and got me what I needed great service ??
Fantastic service professional and friendly!!   They answered all my questions and were super efficient!
"Customer service was OUTSTANDING! I was greeted at the door and told the representative would be with me shortly. I was walked to the sitting area and within a few minutes, my rep had finished with prior reports and introduced herself to me. It was explained I would be there for about and hour and after some minor snaffu&rsquo;s I was out in an hour and a half. Everything was explained and shown on the computer, I had a choice in what type of loan I wanted/needed and was never &ldquo;persuaded&rdquo; to take the more expensive loan option. I feel this was a great decision and a good company"
"Thanks so much One Main for helping me with my financial needs! Very reasonable payments and so helpful and professional working with a smile and getting you in and out in a timely fashion!
I would highly recommend One Main for anyone who finds themselves in a cash strapped position and reach out for assistance you can afford. Also, Jennifer from the *******&nbsp;location is a charm!"
Great service very professional upload your documents you&rsquo;re in and out
Amazing and perfect. I'm so happy for the services and experience.
"Customer Service dumpster fire. I'm in Sales/CS so I'm patient with these things, but OneMain reps seemingly avoid divulging pertinent info and found ways to take more money without benefitting me or my loan.
First rep I spoke with said principal reduction payments aren't accepted.
2nd rep scheduled my auto draft exceeding the monthly amount due (again told I can't allocate any funds specifically toward principal).
3rd rep said to call a couple days before auto draft to ensure funds are allocated toward principal (can't be done within the app, of course).
I called before my auto draft, was told by a (4th) rep I'd have to cancel the auto draft and make payment that day(?), so I did and paid over TWICE the amount due.
Weeks later, I'm bombard with calls claiming my payment is late and I owe $175 in interest to avoid late fees. The handful of reps I spoke with (despite my laundry list of questions) failed to communicate that the monthly amount due HAS to be allocated toward default interest/principal settings, but principal reduction payments CAN be made IN ADDITION to that.
Another obstacle, I changed my payment method in the app but OneMain drafted my old payment method, resulting in overdraft fees (from a now unused bank account) AND late fees from OneMain. Beware- OneMain will not email/call if payment declines, but instead repeatedly draft your account on random dates. I called (a 5th rep) to update my payment method, to later discover my old payment method was drafted AGAIN..
As someone very proactive with payments, the lack of transparency/follow-through from CS and app malfunctions made it impossible to stay ahead. It's even harder to trust my account is in good hands when one rep claims I owe fees while another claims I don't. I've lost money making payments that could've been allocated differently for over a year, money to overdraft fees, and a lot of time to resolving CS issues. Luckily my home office rep is amazing and advised to avoid CS."
"Predatory lender, will not quit sending mail even after I asked them to."
I would give Onemain Financial a negative 5 stars for dinging against my credit before my application was finished! I was told since my car is to new and I couldn&rsquo;t provide a registration yet that I would be denied but you already dinged against my credit is ridiculous. I will never recommend anyone to even look over your information or company!
"Monsters. If you&rsquo;re 1 hour late on the payment (like millions of Americans who are doing their best these days) they will call 4-5 times a day. Sometimes back to back. I can&rsquo;t use my phone at my job, but they continue to call, then call from different numbers trying to be sneaky. This is the second branch I&rsquo;ve dealt with and it&rsquo;s constant harassment if you barely go past the due date. I&rsquo;d lose everything I own before I got another dime for this company.  I&rsquo;d almost rather file bankruptcy than deal with them."
I feel that your interest rate falls in to the usury rate and is illegal accordin to nj law where i took out the loan you are not allowed to charge more  than 6 percent interest per year and daily interest is illegal .
"First time dealing with OMF and it was a very pleasant experience, Preston from the **********&nbsp;WV branch was very friendly, helpful and on top of everything. Handled everything on line and over the phone from start to finish."
They add on what ever they want to from state to state I got a loan in the account of 8000 dollars and after all said and done will be paying 13983 back I moved from TN to SC the office in TN charges a 300 service fee and a 670 service fee I have made 7 payments and pay off is still 8238.03 talked to four people got four different answers so I'm stuck paying it are messing my credit up I would not have taken the loan but they hide all of the fees don't explain all to you so be careful if you do business with them they are not a good company to get a loan with beware
"I spoke with Melissa at the ******&nbsp;branch on 11/07/2023.  After providing all my information she stated your loan is approved.
I uploaded my income and it did not match what Melissa had initally placed in the system. I guess she misunderstood me when I told her the first time.  Nevertheless,  she stated,  ""It's no problem tho.  My Home Office saw you have a student loan at which you pay over $1000 a month for.  That student loan is throwing your debt/ income ratio off.""  My student loans have been in deferment for over 10 years.  I recertify every year,  and it continues to be deferred.
I have documentation to verify that.  Melissa stated okay great can you send it over to me.   I asked (before I send this letter) if the letter needed to state my deferment for 1 year or did I need to recertify real quick to have the date changed on the letter for it to reflect the duration of the loan she was offering me.  She stated,  ""Just send in what you have.   You're already approved so by showing you have no student loan payment we can get this done today.   Nevertheless,  I would normally say at least 2 years but I've also seen where 1 year is sufficient so we should be fine. ""
I sent in the student loan letter that clearly states deferment until 09/24/2024.  I called Melissa back and she stated I'm sorry the letter needs to reflect 2 years of deferred payments.   I asked,  ""So you are telling me I'm denied when it was YOU that told me what I had should be sufficient... otherwise I would have recertified to get you what is required.""    She said, Yes.   It's denied.  I'm sorry.""
I can take rejection,  but what I cannot accept is being told numerous times I am approved.  Then stating just send me the deferred letter of what you currently have should be sufficient.   Then denying me for what SHE told me would be sufficient.  A total waste of my time and unnecessary hit to my credit because Melissa was UNSURE of how to direct me properly.  Proper job education is a MUST!!"
The **** *****&nbsp;office is one of the best places to be very professional individuals are in there  I would recommend anyone to come do business with them
Very quick and easy! This was my first personal loan and they made it very simple and I had the fund available almost immediately.
I was I need of cash in a bad way. This company stepped up and made it easy and affordable terms are easy
"Very good, they were all very kind, patient, very professional."
"Great service, knowledge, easy to work with. I will recommend to my friends and family."
was nice and helpful and work with you eney way they can
"Friendly staff, spoke a little too fast but my loan allowed me to take care of my needs. Hopefully I didn&rsquo;t miss anything in the fine print before signing"
The process was easy and stress-free. Their debt consolidation process is such a blessing!
The process was great. Painless. My loan advisor was very professional and explained everything. Thank you so much
"Always helpful , accepts walk in appointments too! Will work with you to get approval as quickly as possible."
They were very friendly and I really needed it at the time and I would send anybody too them. It made a little easier.Thank you so so much for helping me out at the time.
"It was fast, clear communication. I appreciate they got my in and out quick."
Great service and assistance. The representative was very helpful helping me navigate the website.
"Ms. Casey (My Specialist) was extremely helpful and very insightful in explaining the terms and products the company offers to their consumers. Overall, it was a pleasant experience."
"Professional, knowledgeable, friendly and patient staff &amp; advisor. Made the entire process effortless!"
"Awesome staff very professional, courteous, knowledgeable and extremely nice and polite."
fast and friendly service and money the next day thanks
"Great customer service
Super friendly staff. The process was quick and the staff explained all options very thoroughly."
"Thank you very much for working with me to secure the loan, it definitely made my life easier."
Everything went smoothly with Naisha&rsquo;s assistance She explained everything completely.
"The system was not working, but the staff was amazing."
Judy at the ******** ******&nbsp;in WV is awesome! She is fast and friendly! She is an asset to your company!
The stole my money. I paid my account in full with One Main Financial. I had a zero balance and One Main took out a payment. The won&rsquo;t respond to my emails. The local ***********&nbsp;Georgia office was no help. The did everything but blame me. I&rsquo;ve was a good customer. I can&rsquo;t recommend a company that won&rsquo;t help after the service.
"Got a car from **** *** ****&nbsp;One main financed it, I was pretty much tricked never received any paperwork from anyone the car lot or one main, however I got the car May 11, 2023 that very day I was driving home from the car lot, the RPM jumped up to 6 while driving. I called the guy at the car lot he told me that he's putting a warranty on the car &amp; that I either had to drive 1000 miles or wait 30 days for them to honour the warranty however he never provided with with the warranty information until July, finally at the end of July which was 2 months of having the car the transmission completely went out. Come to find out the warranty didn't even cover the transmission I had because it is a CVT transmission. So I explain to One Main the whole situation they weren't trying to hear anything I'm telling them, all they kept screaming to me is money, money, money, money, money. The car I end up finding out had mold coming up from the floors I've explained that they didn't care one bit. So I told them that I wanted to do a volunteer repossession she said she'll have to check with someone &amp; see if the car is eligible. She called me back the next day saying the car isn't eligible for volunteer repossession, I explained to them I don't want the car &amp; I honestly feel like one main was in the business of playing games because, I explained the situation to one person they seemed to care &amp; swear they're gonna file a report against the car lot, then I'll get a call from someone demanding money or of you. This place is the DEVIL!!!!"
"The guy who helped me was not kind, or courteous. He kept pronouncing my name incorrectly despite correcting him multiple times. He also didn&rsquo;t acknowledge me or apologize for long waits or delays when he had me waiting (over the phone or in person). He also used phrases like &ldquo;I need to put you on the back burner while I help a few other customers.&rdquo; Seriously?! Who wants to be put on the &ldquo;back burner&rdquo;? This guy was not friendly at all and didn&rsquo;t smile or pretend to be friendly once. My experience with refinancing my loan compared to when I initially took my loan out was night and day&hellip;. In a bad way. If this guy is going to work with people, he needs people skills."
"My dad died. I contacted One Main within 24-48 hours of his death. Informed them and told them to mail out anything to a new address on what they needed from me. He used his truck as collateral for a loan and it was almost paid off. I never received anything in the mail in reference to the loan. I am his POA and I eventually emailed the company to have someone contact me with information they were needing. Never heard anything in any type of communication. I showed up at my dad's old place where he had lived before living with me and found the truck gone. I called One Main and they proceeded to tell me, since I was not on the loan, they were unable to tell me anything and that they had mailed out a letter to his physical address where the truck was located. His physical address never had a mail receptacle and he had always had a PO Box for a mailing address and again, I told them my address for any information because he had lived with me for 8 months until he passed away. The truck was REPOED with no information given to me to find out what was needed. I never had the chance to clean his truck out with all his personal belongings before it was taken from the driveway. They had no grief or care during the conversations I had with all the people I spoke with on the phone. I would NEVER use this company for anything EVER. They only take money and I probably won't see the money they get for selling the truck for over the amount he owed them. They are thieves and have no remorse or compassion."
"I hate to say it, but the first time I went to One Main Financial, they were a lot nicer and easier to work with.  This last time, I felt pretty uncomfortable, being reminded that we have a beautiful car and what will happen if we do not make our payments.
When one has a broken arm and can't work, I expected to be treated with more empathy than what I received."
Awesome to work with just made my life a whole lot easier. Thank You OneMain ************&nbsp; branch!!
"My 1st experience was extremely positive, they're very easy to work with, 100% honest and upfront. I wasn't able to go in person for a new loan and my rep (sorry, I forgot her name) worked with me and got everything processed as quickly as she could. She went above and beyond to help me out. I will definitely no only recommend them but go back again."
"This is my second Loan with One Main Financial.. Both Time Everything Went Very Smooth, Every One in the Office was AWESOME!!! My Closing Agent Was Great.  Just a Great Team to Work With!!! Highly Recommend OneMain!!!"
You all are true to your customers if i were rich i would pay off the loan plus extra thank you for helping me out
The representative took his time and explained everything. He had excellent customer service. I would recommend him to my family and friends. His name is Bryan ******. Such a pleasant representative. He is a great asset to your company.
"Everyone of the employees made me feel very comfortable, not a normal for me, they were each very friendly and knowledgeable of their job, I would highly recommend them to anyone want to apply for a loan."
"Friendly staff, easy process.
Very happy with my experience. Would recommend."
One Main Financial saved me from worry and sleepless nights.  They were very helpful and efficient in helping me secure a loan when I needed it most.  Sophia guided me through the process and made everything clear and easy to understand.  The entire process was pleasant and she was most helpful to me.  I look forward to doing business with this company in the future.
"Friendly, helpful staff and a very easy and quick process!"
"Gregory was very cordial and helpful in talking me through each step if my closing. However, there were a few glitches along the way that could have caused problems had I not caught them or brought them to attention. This will not have any negative effect on me doing business with One Main in the future. I will look to them again for my financial needs."
"Very courteous, professional and helpful.  I would gladly recommend them to family and friends."
"Friendly, I felt very comfortable in dealing with the staff."
They were helpful and very Professional.  I will always go to OneMain for all my small loan needs.
"Tonya C
*****, courteous service.
Spent time covering best loan for me."
"Tina was great, efficient, friendly and available. I got my loan in a quick turnaround time."
I think it was great I went in and talked to Lacy ******&nbsp;about refinancing my current loan and she was very helpful and professional at her job I got to say she was very thorough with all the information explained everything in great detail I walked out with my new loan feeling very confident about my visit. Great job and I will definitely be recommending others to you're office thank you so much for everything.
Very friendly and fast processing and approval.  Will recommend One Main Financial.
Good Morning. Excellent And Professional Staff. Bless Day Always. Thanks.
"Great company to work with if you're in need of a loan! The staff is very friendly and competent! I got my loan in one day! I highly recommend OneMain Financial for your loan needs.
I've been reading the reviews of OMF and I must say I'm surprised to read of ""deceptive"" practices and rude people. Here at the *********&nbsp;WI OMF, I was treated with respect and kindness! The staff member who helped me was relatively new, but she was helped along the way. I don't mind this at all; in fact, I'd rather have someone sit in on a real person and learn from that, just like teaching hospitals do with students!
I, personally, thought my experience with OMF was definitely very good!"
Mr. G****** was great and very knowledgeable  at the **** *****&nbsp;location!
"I have had several loans with them and as always, it is a pleasant and quick transaction. I spoke with Amy at the *******, Ohio office and my  loan was closed within a couple of hours and I received my money.   I would definitely recommend them to anyone that needs quick cash!"
Rep at the *********&nbsp;branch was very nice and she was thorough. Money was deposited on time as promised.
My first time using this company was very successful and the lady that was helping me was very helpful.
I was able to get the money I needed in a couple of days. The process went smoothly .
It went very well...when my money gets low I will come back again
The Staff were very knowledgeable and able to explain the programs to me.  In just minutes I was able to receive an offer and pay for my Education Program.
Smooth and easy process....I am so glad I found them
The staff was very professional and very knowledgeable about what I needed at that moment. Keep up the great work.
I think it was wonderful!!! Everyone was so nice!!!! And the service was so awesome!!!
"I had no problem with getting my loan. Customer service was great. I was very pleased with the whole process. Friendly, knowledgeable associates. They made sure I understood everything. I will recommend them and I will use them again. Thanks OMF."
"I took a loan with my car as collateral. I understood the interest rates and payback. Always paid on time and never had issues. Fast forward 2 years, of solid payment history, and my car gets totaled in an accident that was not my fault. I went into their office to discuss options and found there are none. They are going to take all of my insurance payout and I will be carless. Even after telling them I have two kids and a mother with stage 2 parkinsons they had no empathy or pther options. I understand there is a contract but I would have been willing to do anything necessary to resolve this situation. I even advised I would happily put my next car as collateral to keep everything and had every intention of paying back as agreed. This is very upsetting as an already horrible life sitaution is made worse by them not willing to work with me. The agent even tried to tell me the ""benefits"" of them taking the entire payout, leaving me with nothing."
"My Rep was very knowledgeable and very helpful. The whole experience was very pleasant.
Thank you,
Terry *****"
Katlin was extremely helpful and knowledgeable during the loan process. Will definitely recommend to anyone seeking financial assistance!
Worked with Angie who was very friendly and helpful.  It was a very pleasant experience .
They are awesome!! They helped me get a car I needed desperately. Curt is a great person to help you. He is kind and courteous and explained everything to me to make sure I understood all of the paper work
"My experience has been very positive, they are very easy to work with, very honest and upfront and work extremely hard to get the loan and paperwork completed as quickly as they can. The customer service is wonderful, everyone I have worked with has been very professional and very nice. I would give them 5 stars and highly recommend."
"This was the most stress free experience I have ever had with a lender.  They were fast and efficient.  Tracy at the ********&nbsp;office did exactly everything she promised.  She was easy to get in touch with and always responded exactly as she said she would  On top of it all, she was so very nice and friendly.   Good customer service is so hard to find these days. Quick responses are even harder.   You won't have any problems with this at One Main."
"I spoke to Dara in *******&nbsp;office, I had to send my paystubs three times waited for an answer. I called and said I need an answer either way. If not, I&rsquo;m going somewhere else she replied to me. Your loan is approved. I just need an updated paystub.
I said oh OK great I didn&rsquo;t know I was approved when I get paid I will send you the paystub. After sending the latest paystub twice she then calls and said if I had a cosigner and I said, why would I need a cosigner when you told me yesterday I was approved then she lied and changed her story and said she had to verify income and the income debt ratio and I like that&rsquo;s not what you told me yesterday you told me I was approved you just needed my latest paystub so they ran my credit for no reason and I waited since Friday when I could&rsquo;ve went somewhere else and got everything taken care of."
This is a fraudulent company who will steel your monies refuse to give u a receipt. Nothing but lies when confronted with evidence of payment. This place is a SCAM&hellip;SCAM&hellip;&hellip;SCAM&hellip;..FRAUD&hellip;&hellip;FRAUD&hellip;&hellip;..FRAUD&hellip;&hellip;.stay away from this company do not get a loan from them&hellip;.They lie take your monies u will not get any proof of payment or where it went stay away from these leaches&hellip;&hellip;.
"I&rsquo;ve dealt with the team in **********,&nbsp;MS twice and both times my service has been quick, everything is explained to me, they work with me anytime I need them to. The local team there are extremely efficient and knowledgeable. I&rsquo;m always treated with respect and kindness. I will continue to do business with them/"
"This company falsely promises Getting money same day, only in dreams. That&rsquo;s just a marketing ploy.  They are wasting people&rsquo;s time and delaying making people desperate to accept their conditions.
These people are not sincere in their statement. Every time you provide documentation they asked for, they ask for new documentation. Endless really.
Then they want you to fedex the documents. Then they want another thing. They really don&rsquo;t have any standard procedure. Everyone you talk to, comes up with their own requirement for documentation every time.
It&rsquo;s a shame that they are playing with people that need money badly and manipulate them as they wish.
Don&rsquo;t waste your time. Go to another lender."
"After applying online and submitting all the documents asked, I was asked to go to the office to sign the application/agreement. But was told I wasn&rsquo;t approved because of my last year tax income. Stating I need to make more. I was never asked during the application.
They screwed my credit score and time for nothing. They should ask all the main factors before they their hard credit inquiry. They don&rsquo;t care.
Don&rsquo;t got there."
"She was awesome, Brandi. Was very thorough in explaining everything"
"Steven was quick and amazing, really easy process and amazing Customer Service. Thank you Steven for all of your help."
"The whole process from start to finish was very quick , And the agents were pleasant to work with."
Great experience. Very knowledgeable and helpful. Would recommend this lender to others.
Great customer service and pleasant atmosphere. They explain everything about your loan and other products they offer.
"OneMain ladies helped me to consolidate my bills, and made the process extremely easy!  Cannot say enough for their professionalism, expertise, and warm customer service!"
Horrible company I fall into hardship and yes was hard to pay on my loan it did go to a lawyer who pushes and pushes for payment I couldn't afford. After rounds and rounds I ask if they could come up with a settlement and I would pay right now. Of course they said no please no your rights because consumers have rights not to be hassle into something u can't afford find a company who will work with you if you get into a hardship.
"Very deceptive! Received a call from a very rude lady in there *******, TX office claiming I have a loan with them. I explained that I have not taken any loan out with them and asked her to email documentation. Have not received any documentation so called the *******&nbsp;office and asked for Derrick the manager, he would not take my call. Will be filing a complaint with the State of Texas with them."
"One Main Financial in ********, Illinois started off fine in the the beginning. I was weary of using my car as collateral. To me doing so wasn't better than a title loan store. First, omf  has too many fees and charges that are not stated in the beginning. Secondly, the employees aren't properly trained. It's like management just throws them to the wolves to let them fend for themselves. My loan amount has not changed in three years.  The interest rate is higher than before. Omf is not a bad company. The practices and tactics that are used are misleading and predatorial. Honestly I wish I hadn't taken a loan with Omf.  Please any and everyone do your due diligence before applying with this company!!!"
"Do not under any circumstances sign a contract with this company. If you absolutely must obtain a Title loan go through someone else and whomever you decide to open an account with, make sure you read the fine print in full detail. There are many &ldquo;loopholes&rdquo; and bad business practices they are allowed to do once they receive your signature.  I recently had to file an insurance claim on my vehicle for hail damage repairs. One Main has decided that due to the &ldquo;fine print&rdquo; in initial loan agreement I must give them the $10,000 check (issued to me by my car insurance provider for repairs) and have advised that I &ldquo;pay for the repairs myself out of pocket&rdquo; because they have a &ldquo;vested interest&rdquo; in the vehicle. I&rsquo;d like to also add that I&rsquo;ve had an active loan with One Main for four years and have never once fallen behind on payments. Not only are they forcing me to hand over the check issued to me by my insurance provider for repairs (which will then pay off over half of my loan to One Main) they have advised they cannot in turn lower monthly payments on the remaining smaller balance. I have spoken to their corporate office and everyone in between. They do not care. This is how they treat good customers no matter the circumstances. Do NOT sign a contract with them. Very bad business practices. For lack of better words, you will be screwed over and strong-armed if ever in need of car repairs."
"Back in April of 2023, I fell under extremely hard times. For over a year, I had considered taking a loan to help with my credit card debt. I decided to apply with OneMain Financial. I was approved for a Loan, only after having using my car as collateral. Conveniently for OneMain Financial, my car ate up most of the loan and left me with little to apply towards credit cards and other debt. Months later (10/12/23), I received a letter from OneMain Financial for an ""Invitation to Apply for a secured RENEWAL for $2,229."" So, I applied! I needed it, and they knew I did. ;-) Of course, I wanted to try. That would have helped with paying off a lot more.
From the numerous conversations I had with the reps from OneMain Financial within those wonderful 4 hours, I was under the impression that everything was running smoothly. I was even told that my ""odds were high because I was making payments EARLY up until this point."" Unfortunately, after all the phone tagging and verification, my loan wasn't approved. Now, I have another HARD INQUIRY. and a current loan that is killing me with their 29.999% interest rate.
THANKS, OneMain Financial! You surely assisted me in screwing this one up.As humiliated as I feel, I'm taking this as a learning experience on my way to financial recovery.
OneMain Financial, your policies &amp; methods do more harm than good to your customers. I can't wait to pay this loan off and be rid of ONE Main Financial!
If you're indecisive about going with OneMain Financial, I'll help, DON'T DO IT!!!!! You'll end up paying so much more &amp; kicking yourself in the butt for making matters worse!"
Said they accept people with no credit but will deny your application because you dont have a credit file.
"They keep calling me, I tell them to stop calling and they cuss me out. I recorded the last 3 calls received from them where they cuss me out and tell me they are going to keep calling me back. I am getting an attorney and suing them for harassment."
"I had such a great experience with One Main financial in *********.  Magan was awesome, very professional, knowledgeable, and the time was great. I called Magan on Monday morning and on Wednesday my loan was completed I could not believe the process went so fast ! Thanks Magan for your help and your kindness!!!"
"I am not happy at all. I get a call today from a representative from the *********&nbsp;California branch saying that I am always late when they have my due date for the first of every month and A direct debit for the 25th of every month. They say when you withdraw it five days before it makes you on time, but they are saying that I accrued all of these late fees which is totally not my fault. When I told them, they need to make it on the day that they want me to withdraw the money which is the first so I don&rsquo;t keep accruing these late fees, which is their fault and they told me that it would be OK, but they were still not able to explain properly to me about what was happening. I really don&rsquo;t appreciate being deceived and not having an understanding of what I&rsquo;m going through and being frustrated. Had this Loan for a long time but I promise you I&rsquo;m going to fight hard to pay it off. I am totally done"
"Incredibly rude and unprofessional.  Stay away.  I have been a customer for 18 years.  My account had a .01 balance.  It was setup to autopay, but they didn&rsquo;t process a payment due to it being less than $1.  No call, no email.  Reported my account 30 days late.  I called them asking to speak with someone to correct the report and they refused to even allow me to speak to any one, and acted very rude to me, and disrespectful.  I cancelled my account and now filing a dispute with my credit agency.  Never use this company.  They are abusive to their customers, even for their own mistakes."
This branch has been AMAZING!!! Tynette ****&nbsp;was so exceptionally helpful&hellip; She made the whole process as easy as it could be!
This was my first personal loan.  The ladies in the office made the process easy to get through and were very patient answering questions.
Awesome I wouldn&rsquo;t think of giving my business to anyone else
"The folks in ********, GA were professional, yet made me feel right at home. Every aspect of the loan was explained in detail and plenty of time for questions or concerns. Could not be happier with the experience. Will always call them 1st!"
"Excellent customer service, with very quick response times. Will definitely call on them again."
"Maria was very attentive and professional to my needs and got me exactly what I wanted. The girls were all very friendly and made me feel like I belonged and like I wanted to do business with them. They were on top of following up with me after I did my online application, but they were not pushy when doing so. I really appreciated that. ??"
"Thoroughly and easy. Associate was professional, knowledgeable, courteous and complete."
"KATELYNN WAS BEYOND AMAZING,  WAS KIND AND VERY PATEINT, SHE IS FROM THE ******* DELAWARE BRANCH, JUST AWESOME SHE IS"
Melissa was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  She was able to assess our needs and proceed from there..
I really like dealing with OneMain. Jason  at the *******&nbsp;TN location does his job very well and is very knowledgeable and helpful. I will recommend OneMain to anyone I know that needs a loan.
Everyone was great. Very fast service. I was very satisfied with my service. Thank you!
"Excellent customer service. Churro(Excuse me if I misspelled the name)
The knowledge of options he gave me,  the troubleshooting,  the patience,  it was top notch . I honestly have never experienced a loan with any company with this level of customer service and I appreciate it very much."
"The loan process was easy, and the representative I spoke to was patient, informative, and pleasant. It was a great experience.  My only negative was the APR being as high as it was."
"I applied online and Joseph called to assisted me. He was helpful and sufficient.
Same day I got my loan. Thank y&rsquo;all."
"Poor outcome for expected funds. OneMain financial services will absorb previous loans with them before they pay you for a new secure loan first. In other words they pay themselves off first then give you the left over money. Leaving me now still in an emergency crisis for which I have applied for but didn&rsquo;t receive the full amount needed.
Don&rsquo;t use this company twice. Unfair business practice are revolting. Now I am in the original amount for the first loan. Wow
now you talk about corporate greed."
The staff was very helpful. They went out of their way to accommodate our busy schedules!
"This company is untruthful in their business practices.  I received a pre-approval that indicated no hard inquiry so at least I would have an idea of what would be offered.  I proceeded with what was stated as a soft inquiry, which was completely false.  Next thing you know I&rsquo;m brought to an application where they&rsquo;re requesting all of these documents. As a result of that, something told me not to move forward because why would these documents be requesting. I immediately X out and shortly after, I receive a phone call from someone telling me if I want to move forward with a request for a loan I would need my vehicle as collateral. I informed the representative that I would not move forward, the whole purpose of this loan was to consolidate some items and end up in a better position, not worse. Next thing, I receive notifications that a hard inquiry is reported and my credit was impacted. Then a few days later, I receive an email from them saying my loan was denied, how??! When I never moved forward. Complete scam and misleading, now I&rsquo;m impacting negatively because of them moving forward with a hard inquiry. Don&rsquo;t be fooled by FALSE pre-approvals and lies that it won&rsquo;t be a hard inquiry. Recommend everyone to stay away."
"My load process was quick, easy and they are the most friendly people!!"
"The **********&nbsp;Virginia office has some of the best Ladies working for One Main . Very knowledgeable and helpful speedy with getting loan details and approval.
I recommend One Main to everyone that asks where to get a loan"
"Very disappointed to see that a second hard inquiry was run in my loan consideration process, I only authorized a single hard inquiry. When I reached out spoke to Monica&rdquo; who said among other speculative reasons that their customer contact system purges all detailed records after 30 days, so she had no way of telling what happened. Very inconvenient and definitely unauthorized."
So quick and easy.   Megan was very pleasant to work with.  Thank you!!
"Setting up the loan was easy, and my loan agent was very polite. But I am very disappointed in the fact that they are basically deceiving me. I was able to look at my payoff amount regularly, but I guess they caught onto the fact that I was keeping up with that, because they disabled my payoff amount option on my app. My loan was only 1500, and I&rsquo;m being told a week later my payoff amount is over $2000. I was planning on paying off my loan as quickly as possible, but they are making that extremely difficult, and trying to drag this on for a full three years. Once again, extremely disappointed I will not be getting another loan from them."
"The branch in *******, GA. went out of their way to help me get my loan. They were kind and courteous and the transaction was done swiftly. I heartily recommend them."
"This bank is involved in deceitful practices, misleading customers by not disclosing the prepaid charges on their loans. I was charged prepaid fees and it was not disclosed during the call and I was told a different loan amount that what it is actually now. Stay away from this people, they are horrible. When I called to inquiry about this they were the rudest people I have ever dealt with. They are only in business to scam people. I will definetely refinance and warn people not to do any business with this company."
I have had the pleasure of being a OneMain customer for quite awhile. Staff is always friendly and they work very fast and thorough. I would recommend them to family and friends for sure.
Y0u have been so great with  me this  full years.I just love the way you treat  me.I hope you treat  all your customers  the same  way.
Excellent as always! Your services and people are the best!
I couldn't ask to be treated better. They made the entire process so easy and pleasant.  I would recommend them to anyone.
Staff was very patient and helpful. Thank you for your time.
Nothing bad to say about my experience. Victoria in ****** *******&nbsp;was patient and really helped me out.
The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. They should be commended fir their excellent service!!
I had a great experience with OneMain.  Laura was very helpful and professional.  She explained everything to me and helped me when I needed it most.
Nice people and easy to work with. Thanks for all you do
They were very helpful! They made the process quick understanding and I was satisfied.
This my #1 go to Company for assistance they have helped me and my family tremendously. The staff is always polite and very respectful and I in return give the same. When I need help within the same day they come through. I refer family and friends if your in a jam they will help. Thank you San Antonio location and El Paso.
Very helpful and didn&rsquo;t mind that I came in close to closing time.
The process was very fast and easy and they help you throughout  the whole process.
It has been a pleasure doing business with this company. Thanks to them I have been able to receive the funds that I need to cover my monthly expenses. The staff were expedient and responsive to my needs.
Extremely misleading. I was never told I would be charged interest daily. For every payment I make only a quarter of it goes to my principal. Three quarters goes to interest. I've had this loan for a year and never missed a payment but somehow I've paid less then 10% of my loan off. It was only a 2 year loan. None of their math adds up and they claim they cannot give me a breakdown of the numbers and where my money is going and im furious.
They whole team is awesome was in and out as promised will definitely refer people to them.
"Deena's behavior was extremely disappointing &ndash; she displayed rudeness and a lack of politeness throughout our interaction. Our past experiences with One Main have always been positive, which is why we've been returning. However, this recent encounter has left us with no choice but to explore other options that value our time and patronage. If handling pressure and fulfilling promises, such as returning calls promptly, is a challenge, perhaps a career change is worth considering. Customers should not have to chase after the company's representative when a specific commitment has been made."
"I'm definitely glad I called the location nearest to me. Amazing customer service. A lot easier than I would have guessed. And way easier to manage payments, than some of these other lenders. Not to mention that they were very up front about everything. No up selling pressure."
Fast easy and so friendly!!! They were able to help me all over the phone. I got my loan in less than an hour!!
"Staff were friendly and easy to deal with. Explained the process to me in a way I could comprehend. My only complaint is the interest rate is a bit ludicrous. It&rsquo;s nothing against the staff. It&rsquo;s not their fault, they don&rsquo;t generate the rates. I was really reluctant to proceed with this because of the ludicrous interest rate. Unfortunately I am in a situation that I am now out of. I feel one main financial as a company need to reevaluate their rates and polices. It one thing if a consumer burns creditors. It&rsquo;s another when a consumer pays their bills on time. Consumers who pay their bills on time but are rebuilding credit should not be categorized in the same bracket as the ones who burn their bridges with creditors."
Institution has been a great financial help over the years Ms Dana is a friend great to work with
"This was the best experience I have had with a loan company. Stacy C. made this so quick, easy, and painless. Stacy was very easy to get along with and was there every step of the way to answer any and all questions. I would definitely go see Stacy again for any of my loan needs."
"This is a great company! They bend over backwards to help you find / get a loan to fit your needs. The office staff is always VERY friendly, helpful, &amp; professional. Highly recommend this company."
One Main came in very quickly for me. I would recommend them!
"I liked it, I got the help that I needed"
They have excellent customer service the lady I had she was very polite I felt very comfortable with her yes I would recommend this company if you need a loan.
Very efficient and prompt service. Representative was very knowledgeable and extremely helpful.
Very friendly and efficient staff and quick and easy process.
"A lifeline at troubled times!!!
Very professional and very welcoming.
I completely recommend this business and the group of employees that work there!"
"This place is teetering on predatory lending. After making what I thought was my final lump sum payment, I started to get calls again months later claiming that I still have a balance. I was finally told that the balance reappeared due to having &ldquo;fees&rdquo; from a year and half ago. For some reason OMF policy is to not include fees in the final payoff. In my opinion they do this so that even if you pay your loan off they let the &ldquo;fees&rdquo; linger to have a way to charge more late fees. Today, I was told by a manager that this is &ldquo;stated in the fine print&rdquo; of the contract that they can add a new $20 charge to your account for a fee that customers don&rsquo;t even know exist. The interest rate was already too high, but after this interaction I would NOT recommend this place if you have options. They also have ****&nbsp;poor customer care. Both the rep and manager were very condescending. Beware, this doesn&rsquo;t feel like a legit lender."
"While they did fulfill my loan request, there are aspects I&rsquo;ve not appreciated.
I was sold a policy to secure my loan payment for up to 3 months, if I became unemployed due to layoff, termination or illness. What they failed to tell me is the hoops you need to jump through to qualify. You must wait one month and provide written proof from your local unemployment office. Instead of accepting a voucher showing you&rsquo;ve applied for any unemployment benefits.
Next, if they screw up, it takes several days to get a refund. They can take your money in an instant, getting it back is like pulling teeth. Their system is antiquated and burdensome.
Their app is also less than stellar."
"Do not use this company! It is 100% bait and switch. I recieved an advertised loan for One Main Financial through Credit Karma for an unsecured loan of $13500 at 21%. After a soft pull of my credit, it was indicated that the above loan was available, so I went ahead with a hard pull of my credit to move ahead with the loan. After three days of being ignored by Representative C_ , I finally got a hold of her. She told me I was approved for a loan amount 33% lower in value and 80% higher in rate. They did not ask for any additional  information beyond what they already obtained from Credit Karma. Now my credit is worse due to a hard pull off my credit that did not have to happen. If they did not misrepresent the loan options to me before the hard pull, as has been the norm with many other companies I have worked with, I would not have authorized the hard pull.
Along with Cecilia, the One Main manager (E) at the ******&nbsp;CA branch was dismissive of my concerns about the misadvertising of their loans and said the company was over 100 years old, so it must be doing something right. I guess coning people in need of a loan into taking higher rate loans than necessary is good for a companies bottom line! Run as fast as you can!"
"I already have a account with this company and ALWAYS pay my payments two weeks ahead of time due to getting paid biweekly. I am about to have surgery so I though I would apply for a loan to help my wife while I'm out a few weeks. They ran my credit and denied me a loan and would not tell me why just said I would get a letter explaining. So today I received a e-mail explaining why, and I was absolutely dumbfounded. As I read it over, it said I had a previous delinquency which is a lie, Also said payment on accounts are not current which is a lie, And have new credit which is true, I got a credit card. (oh my goodness that broke the bank!!) I have a Equifax account so I looked it over and there is NO delinquencies! I even called Equifax and verified this information is correct on my credit report. I HAVE ALWAYS PAID MY BILLS ON TIME! Never have I been late on ANY of my account!!! So OneMain, in the future quit lying to people and be honest!!! They just lost one valuable customer and once my loan is paid off I will never go back!!!"
"What are the chances, that after leaving a truthful and negative review of these filthy people, I get spammed harder than ever before. Literally voice-mail after voice-mail even while answering the phone, Im getting more calls from their numbers (multiple). The day after posting the review, I'm 100% sure they had to double down on their harassment.
I absolutely hate these people and the way they're attempting to rob me.
I make zero income at the moment (which they're fully aware) and they're suing me? They know good and well that I have nothing to offer. No way to even setup the slightest ""payment plan"" (not to mention my inability to live a decent life, financially)
It does not matter how long someone has been ""in the business"" of lending.
Do not lend your trust, finances, or thoughts to this group. It's disgusting and harmful to deal with their behavior and mental abuse.
********* *** ***** ***&nbsp;can go to you know where as well. They're leading this insane movement against me as a SOLE ATTEMPT to make MY LIFE WORSE than it already has become. You've all crossed the line."
I applied for a loan online it said that I was approved. After a few minutes I went to the online portal and it said that they can not help at the time. I could have avoided the hard pull on my credit.
"One main financial in *******&nbsp;Illinois came through when I needed some money, the most at this particular time. also Thank you! for that quick service! Means alot!!!."
"Call me in the middle of making dinner after applying at 9am. Then said they would call me back with an approval or not the next day and never called. When I told them I needed an awnser as soon as possible so I could explore other options, loan specialist got extremely loud and was complaining about the amount of time it took to crunch numbers. Very unenjoyable experience would recommend everyone to go elsewhere."
great service as usual at my local one main office.
"Predatory loans. Avoid at all costs. The do not respect advertised aprs and are just plain sneaky and try to change rates and fees .. read everything before you sign  cannot be legal, just plain don&rsquo;t do it ! I&rsquo;m worrying this review because I was about to take a loan with them then saw warning signs, people need to know these guys are crooks"
"The OneMain Financial representatives consistently demonstrate an above-and-beyond approach to customer satisfaction. They are friendly, knowledgeable, and service-oriented in every interaction, whether in person or over the phone."
Same great experience for my second loan with OneMain.  Everyone was very nice and everything happened very quickly!
"Everything went smoothly. My &ldquo;agent&rdquo; was very helpful and considerate. It was a pleasure working with her.
Thank you and God bless"
"This was the second time I have worked with Sharon. Sharon is extremely knowledgeable, personable, and a joy to work with.
Thank you so much!"
Awesome staff polite nice location *****&nbsp;Silvia was on top of it all &amp;+ stars
"There are no complaints! The transaction wet very well without delay.  The staff was very patient,  courteous, and knowledgeable .  The questions l asked was answered to my understanding without hesitation!"
"I was very impressed for the fast service , and the excellent service provide for the agent he was pretty attentive and profesional, thank you"
"You guys rock !  This is the 2nd loan I processed with you, and both times I received a great rate to consolidate a few bills.  The service was amazing, the speed to process and receive my funds was super fast, and I honestly could not be more pleased.  You guys are great !! --Robert (*****)"
Very helpful and very fast!! Highly recommended ?? I couldn&rsquo;t loan any where else but Onemain was able to help me out.
Fran did a great job guiding me through the process.
So easy to complete the process! Everyone I talked to was helpful
Staff was extremely helpful and professional. Process was quick and easier than expected. Will definitely use you again in the future.
"Fabulous. Wonderful.
Katie is the best.
Love the branch. Everyone is very friendly and helpful.
Explains things so well , made my whole process painless.
Would recommend anyone that wants a loan to try them first."
It's always a good experience to deal with the people who work at onemain financial. Thank you for helping me.
Great customer service! I had james and he did everything possible to get me the loan I needed
Helpful associates on getting a loan with the lowest possible payment
"We were told everything was in place for the refinance. All we had to do was go up there and sign paperwork.
We got up there at 1:20P and left after 6P."
"I was very impressed. Made me feel very comfortable, and explaining everything to me. Next time I need a loan, I will be going to OneMain Financial."
One Main has helped our family!! Very easy process. Nice people. I highly recommend!!
They have been great. Will use them again. Very professional and courteous.
"It was a very easy process to apply, give my information and forms to them, and to close the loan. There wasn&rsquo;t a lot of unnecessary information. It was straight forward and easy to understand. Amanda was a great person to deal with throughout the whole process."
Joe and Angie were terrific! They made the entire process easy and quick. I highly recommend Onemain Financial!!
Very fast and super easy to deal with. Will definitely use them again in the future
We were very happy with the  process and time limit to get the loan. Juan out of the ********&nbsp;Illinois was so informative and knowlegeble. We appreciated his help.
The whole process was easy and the loan officer was very helpful.
"Unprofessional. Tried to rob me even though I overpaid for my loan already, they want extra $20 for payment that they tried to pull when I didn't owe anything. in 2023 no ADEQUATE banks charges fee for anything like this as it cost nothing to try to pull money(electronically!) and get reply from bank that there is no money on account. It cost nothing!!! Your phone person screamed at me saying that they doesn't care of who I am."
"I will never use them. They told me I was pre-qualified, then pre-approved, then after calling, said 'oh too bad, we can't give you a loan after all.' So now they pulled my credit with a hard inquiry for nothing. Terrible practice and seems like a bait and switch company."
"Five years ago I was in a bad spot, so I took a leap of faith with OMF ** *****&nbsp;branch, it was the WORST experience. To the point I had to finance my car through someone else just to get away. After five years, I'd hoped that it had gotten better. I found myself in a tough spot and got a 2nd loan... man this was the WORST decision I could have made. The staff is RUDE and condescending, when you call to ask for help all you get is sarcastic responses. Not to mention, getting calls and texts at all different times of the day...but when you call it's leaps and bounds to get a person on the phone. I'm so disappointed that I've been let down once again. BEWARE"
"My experience working with Bridget was exceptional, was easy to get things needed to get loan to go through."
"Always a pleasant experience with the staff. Kristen is phenomenal when it comes to meeting my needs. Everything is always fully explained, options laid out and repayment information provided to suit my needs."
The representative got back to me quickly after I filled out an online application.  He was pleasant and answered all my questions when I went to finalize the loan.  I have no complaints.
"ONEMAIN FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC
**** ******** ** *** * ********* ** **********&nbsp;I have noticed on my credit report an account of $18.00 dollars for over two years. I set up a payment to send $20.00 to this branch I received a text rejecting the payment. I called to ask of the rejected payment. The representative in turn responded to tell me I owe the company two years after a payment was sent from my Federal Credit Union. Taking a loan with a bank attached to your home will have Lenders checking and verifying all of present and past accounts. The title company and the underwriter reported the $18.00 dollars. I have reports to verify this amount Where is this $4,000 amount is when they accepted a payment to close my account. Immediately the response would have been when they received the amount for the Credit Union and Mr ********&nbsp;the amount you are sending will not payoff your account.- A statement was made ""we have been trying to contact you."" My Mother passed in 2022, the significance of this life event is my telephone number nor has my address changed to be contacted by Doctors and Nurses until her passing. No calls or Letters have been sent to my home address, after an unpleasant conversation that i was irate a newly created account was created online with a bill dated the day of today's phone call XXX XXX-**** 12:09 on September 13, 2023. That I owe $3,736.72 and the online account shows $4,724.64. I have previously accessed this account with zero $0 balance as I ensure my credit shows accurate information. Today their is a bill. I will continue to be diligent on this error of my financial history. I have alerts on my credit report - No Experian Alerts- Discover Alerts or Lending Tree Alerts have any statements or balance except the $18.00 dollars. Today September 13, 2023 this branch of one main financial added debt to my credit report. Be aware and mindful of any lending company that takes the initiative to create a bill."
Jason went above and beyond to give me a great experience I will recommend one main to family and friends
SUPER nice...SUPER fast...SUPER results!!! Would recommend to anyone! They really go above and beyond!
Always a pleasure to deal with. Quick and easy. Courteous and knowledgeable.
It was a good experience all in all.at first I thought maybe it was a little misleading but my credit was not as good as I thought. Overall it was a very speedy process. Thanks onemain financial.
"It was quick, easy, and painless. Everyone in the office was very kind and professional, even when the technology went wonky for about 20 minutes. It was a great experience and I will be sure to let everyone know about it."
Very fast and friendly loan process. Now I can take care of everything  on line which I love.
Warm and friendly staff. Everything done in short waiting time. Information clarified well.
My agent Eboni at the *****&nbsp;Ga Branch was excellent. She made my first loan experience very pleasant.
"The folks at OneMain did an excellent job. Especially Alicia!! My app was done on line and approved very quickly. Thank you OneMain!! I will recommend this firm to family and friends, for sure. I don't understand the one star reviews, guess they're not in east Tennessee ?? or they have complicated issues they want to blame someone for.  ??"
"The process has gotten better.  The experience was quick, and im impressed at how easy it was to setup a personal loan.  Thank you 1Main."
"staff was very knoledgable and friendly. Loan was approved in a timely manor.
Thank You,
Jim E."
Fast and very helpful una time of need! Representative was very understanding and was far better than expected.
Everyone at the **********&nbsp;Branch was so nice and helpful! I appreciate them explaining all the details as well. Great experience!
"My branch, *******, CA, is always user friendly and easy to work with. All team members are professional, responsive and amazingly kind. I cannot imagine a better representation of One Main Financial."
Quick and east. It helped me handle some important business
You guys are a life saver. it was so easy and everything was explained perfectly. I would definitely recommend one main financial to anyone. thank you so very much.
"Mary Ann was amazing, helpful, and very respectful. She explained everything in great detail."
"Takiyah ******&nbsp;at your ***** **** location was a joy and a pleasure to work with. She was friendly, helpful, and a absolute professional. On a day they were short handed. She never lost her composure while helping me or tending to the phones to talk to others."
Great people they work with you they always are respectful and kind.
I had a great experience in the ***** *****&nbsp;branch.  The rep was very professional and friendly. She made me feel very comfortable and explained everything in detail.  I am not sure how to spell her name but it began with an H and she was super.  I will recommend her to anyone who needs a loan.
They are easy to talk to and they go over everything with you
Brittney was amazing.  Very friendly and informative. She made the process very easy.
Jodie was instamental in helping me do my loan. She was fantastic and made the whole process easy.
"It was very easy Did everything over the internet. The person I worked with was wonderful, she explained everyrhing as we went along with the forms."
"Quick transaction and pleasant agent, was in and out in about 15 minutes. Quick and painless"
Danielle in the local office has been very helpful! Stated she is steadfast in building relationships and also advised me in the best way to file my application.  Daniel's answered every question I had. With the initial application was my advisor and others that answered my questions and also stayed on the line with me while I uploaded the documents necessary for the loan were very patient. I've had a good experience overall.
My second loan with One Main. Very friendly and easy to deal with. I wouldn&rsquo;t hesitate to use them again in the future.
"Josiah at the ******** ****&nbsp;Branch did a wonderful job explaining the loan terms to me and all of the add-ons. He made a somewhat stressful task pleasant, fast, and easy. The website is easy to understand and navigate. Highly recommend!"
The customer service was very helpful and I would recommend it to anyone who may need help with a loan
"**********, NJ - Great to work with, approval within minutes and paper work completed!  I couldn't have asked for a better experience."
Super helpful &amp; quick to fund. I would recommend there services.
The sales person was very good at explaining what I was getting into. She was very helpful and had a nice smile. I hope my journey will be successful also.
Great experience  I would definitely recommend to anyone...thank you guys...very easy application
"The branches in ********&nbsp;and ********, MS have given me some of the best customers experience I have ever received.  They go above and beyond to provide incredible customer service.  I am incredibly grateful and will do business with them for many years to come."
"I have been a loyal customer with OneMain for several years and I have been pleased with this company up until now. I have been paying  my bill on time every month with direct debit, which works very well for me because I am a senior on a fixed income. But now, I am very disappointed with OneMain and it is very upsetting to me.
When I did a loan recently, I asked the young man to set my payments so they can be directly debited from my account on the 21st of each month. He informed me that it would be no problem to do that. Now I am told, after much confusion and nonsense that I cannot have it debited on that date each month and now I am being charged exorbitant late fees each month. This is a hardship for me as a senior on a fixed income and I am disappointed that I was told the 21st would be ok when I first did the loan and not it is a problem. I am currently looking for another company to take out a loan to pay off OneMain and be done with this company once and for all. It&rsquo;s a shame because up until now, I have loved dealing with OneMain. Now everything is so messed up and it is disappointing to me. I have several people ask me to recommend a loan company and up until now, I would have gladly recommended OneMain. I will not now. I am upset about the exorbitant late fees I&rsquo;m being charged when I clearly asked the young man if my payments could come out on the 21st of each month. I will be looking forward to finding a way to pay this loan off as soon as I possibly can. I am upset and tired of seeing my account saying &ldquo;Past Due&rdquo; when I asked for a payment date to be set when I first did the loan. I am disgusted and very disappointed with the service and treatment I am receiving.
Annette ******"
"This loan company is discriminatory I was approved for a personal loan provided over 15 documents and just because the representative didn't understand what I was explaining(Instead of just calling and verifying with my job) I honestly don't think she even passed over the extra documents to process my approval and it took a full week to get back to me Mind you I provided taxes, W-2's and check stubs lease everything One Financial ask for the representative started accusing me of getting paid cash I Bent over backwards to dig up my title using my own personal vehicle as collateral all of these things she kept asking for just to say you get paid cash because I don't have direct deposit or a cancel check if that was a so called mandate why not let the consumer know so I could save me an inquiry , Jennifer after our shouting match from her lack of understanding I feel did opposite of help, when asked for supervisor another representative just hung up in my face because I told her I rather get a resolution then argue with them."
"I received a pre-approval offer from this company and never finished the process because they wanted a copy of my social security card and I didn't have it at the time. I stay very busy. I never signed anything, never even completed the application process and they hit me with a HARD INQUIRY on my report and said they couldn't approve me at this time without giving me ample time to get my social security card. I've sent them multiple emails with no response, tried contacting them through phone, but its always the wrong department or some lame excuse, but everyone that I've spoke to said I was absolutely right and they should've never put a Hard Inquiry on my credit report. I think it's ridiculous that I have to come here in the First place. Stay away from this company and read the rest of the reviews. Horrible"
"Read the rest of the real comments. This place is pathetic. They refuse to provide me with the title to my vehicle almost 3 months after paying off my loan. Every time I call I get a different excuse and ALWAYS a need to call back - which never happens. This place is a scam and will try to rob you blind.
Contacting the attorney general of *******, **** ******, to let him know of this inefficient plague on the community.
Consumer Protection Division
*** ** ********** ******* *** ***** ************, **&nbsp;*****&nbsp;
To file a complain with me!!!
***********************************************************&nbsp;"
"HORRIBLE! customer service call center is a joke. They straight up lie to you, tell you the wrong information. No customer service what so ever!!!!! All these employees need let go. Such a joke."
"This company is pathetic, unprofessional, unorganized and always needing something at the last minute. Most companies have a checklist this company go off what they want from you. They never call me I'm always calling them. I had applied for a secure loan on 08/24/2023 and still going back and forth with this company. I would never recommend anyone to do business with this company. They don't care about the customer at all. My documents they act like they cannot read bank statements just dumb people. It is a never- ending situation with them. They lead you on and have no intent helping you.
Thank You
Barbara F."
"I just spent over an hour on the phone trying to get a hold of a manager to speak about possibly getting a loan modification repayment plan set up and at a possibly lower rate and every single person that I spoke to said that there&rsquo;s nothing they could do and when transferring me to management I was hung up on twice. I&rsquo;m so discouraged and disheartened by the way that this customer service has been and how I&rsquo;ve been treated. I was wanting to reach out in good faith to work with these people and for them to have been so rude, especially the first representative, I spoke with who refused to give me her first name, and gave me the runaround. I don&rsquo;t even want to call them and work with them anymore. I guess I&rsquo;ll just let it go to collections."
I had been searching for a loan with no luck until I contacted OneMain Financial.  The representative was very helpful and we were able to get me the loan I needed.  I would definitely recommend them for your financial needs.
"To be honest, I knew I was getting a raw deal when I first went with this company to initially re-finance my vehicle.  I went from a bad deal to a better bad deal with a little money in my pocket to boot.  Everything was okay until I re-financed again at the end of last year.  Since then, it's been one thing after another.  It was a constant case of different people saying different things.  I would think everything was cleared up, then I would get yet another phone call from someone else, generally asking for more money or an additional payment, when I had been told that I had done everything I was supposed to do, made any additional payments that had been requested (and I asked SEVERAL times!), and when I tried to hold them to what had been said earlier, all I got was rude and condescending behavior.
While all of this was going on, I was pouring money into the car to keep it running: brakes, constant oil changes (the engine was burning oil), and every little thing on the car was starting to fall apart.  I found out recently that the engine was highly likely to need replacing, and I made the painful decision to surrender the vehicle.  My local branch could not have been less helpful.  All they wanted to talk about was that I was still responsible for the same payments ($587 on a car that I no longer had), and would not let me surrender the car until I had committed to SOME payment or another.  The they tell me that because I came late that I might not be able to leave the car there.  They were coming to pick up the car, but since they didn't know when If I left the car there overnight and it got towed, I would be responsible for the fees.  So I left work early for NOTHING.  OMF already has $14K form me on a $17K loan, which I still miraculously owe $17K on, on a car that is only worth $5K-$6K, which they will get when they sell it at auction.  And still want me to give them another $8K to ""settle"" my loan.  This is RIDICULOUS!"
"Loan process was quick and easy. Every employee I spoke to was helpful and friendly. They explained the every detail of the loan, from how much it was to how it would be paid back if I were to pass unexpectedly, in a clear and easy to understand manner. They even answered every insane question I could think to ask. Definitely recommending everyone I know."
Helped me quickly and nicely. Very easy and got me the most money available to me. Helped me consolidate some bills. Thank you One Main.
I was extremely satisfied with the communication regarding my loan and my needs were met.
"In July OMF added collision and comprehensive insurance on my car that was used as collateral. My payment went from 516 monthly to 623 beginning in July. Unfortunately July 28 I had an accident that caused a bit over $4000. ****** *********&nbsp;company paid the insurance payment to OMF who in turn applied it to my loan amount instead of paying the body shop where the car was being repaired. When I spoke to the Manager of the OMF branch I was told it was a mistake that would take a few days to rectify and I would have the money to pay the repair shop. This was on a Friday. I followed up on the following Tuesday as the manager of the repair shop hadn&rsquo;t heard anything
And was looking for payment. I have called several times to the OMF branch and have been told it&rsquo;s going to take a couple days. Call us back next Wednesday. It&rsquo;s been three weeks with this back and forth business. Playing phone tag. Trying to get this situation straightened out so I can get my vehicle back. Today I spoke to Tanya the branch manager who sounded annoyed at me for calling her back when she specifically told me to to call her back in about 15 minutes as the District manager happened to be in the office. I explained how much stress this was putting on me because I have the repair shop calling me and I have no answers for them. She said she would call me back around noon and if needed she would leave me a voice mail. Didn&rsquo;t happen. Was also told they would cut me a check in their office if need be to pay the repair shop. I&rsquo;ve been with OMF for a year and have paid my payments every month. I can&rsquo;t believe the crappy and shady way I&rsquo;ve been treated. Not satisfied with this company and will not recommend them to my worst enemy. What a shame. Hopefully tomorrow brings some answers. I am very sorry I ever did business with this company."
"I have been a long standing customer and never missed a payment. The past few months I have contacted the 800# for customer service asking questions and seeing what my options may be due a difficult situation I'm in. I only ever get transferred around to multiple people, usually on the phone for an hour or 2. So today I decided to go into my local branch, feeling confident that I could at least get some answers. Boy was I wrong! I was there about 30 minutes. Every question I asked, I was told ""we don't know"". So I would say ""so who can I talk to?"" Again, I was told ""there is no one, we don't know"". HOW could a local branch not know who I could speak with if they themselves didn't have the answer?? The guy that I mostly spoke with is the office manager, Lamont. He got irritated with me as I kept asking for some kind of answer. He finally had me call another company and she couldnt help me because it's One Main's account! So then I was really getting upset. The figures I was given weren't matching letters I received in the mail. I asked about a deferment as I was told I qualified to get one, and I am still being charged almost my full payment amount! A deferment is NOT making a payment, it's skipping a payment. When I asked about that he waved 2 pieces of paper in the air, and said you can either sign the deferment or sign a voluntary repossession and leave the car here when you go. Really!! So as I'm trying to keep my wits about me, he tells me that I had been there too long, he didn't have any answers or me, and that I needed to leave!!! ME, the person who makes my payments each month...TO PAY HIS SALARY!!! He told me to leave.... I will spread this information everywhere I possibly can! Stay away from this company at all costs!!"
"Quick loan application process.  Was able to get what I needed at a payment I could afford.  Professional, and friendly.  I would recommend using them"
"Very nice people were fast, within 8 hrs money was deposited. They were honest about all charges, explained everything VERY SATISFIED"
Good service with good people can always count on one main and they call to make sure everything is ok.
"The loan representatives explained some very awesome benefits to me as I was applying for my loan. They were open and honest from the beginning when I walked in the door. I'd recommend anyone to get them because you really never know what can happen and it does add to the your monthly payment and it is very much worth it. It can be as easy as if someone passes away as when you have your loan to you passing and a beneficiary getting something to stay on their feet. If you looking for some money to help with the unexpected this is the place to go. I'll be back if I'm in need of money to help expand the growth again. I would recommend OneMain Financial to anyone who is in need of a little extra money.
Thanks for all the great things you do and all the things you Offer OneMain Financial."
The transaction was quick and easy. Came right on time for college tuition for twins!! Thank you!!!
Very professional. Makes it easy to understand what you&rsquo;re getting and walks you through each document before you sign.
Ms Pam was so nice and explained everything very well.. nice place
Awesome!! Very friendly! The process was so quick. Had money in my account in less than a hour. Great people!
Liz P. was great help to me. She made the entire process easy as possible and completed everything in a matter of 2 days. I would recommend LIz and OneMain Financial for your needs.
nice and friendly office staff on the phone and in person in the office
Fast easy simple process! Everyone was on top of the loan process with no BS! Made life easier&hellip;..
"Quick and easy process, excellent costumer service and very professional."
"My Rep was Amazing, he explained everything in a way I understood answered all my questions.  I'm definitely recommend this service to my Friends and Family."
The interest is very high. Never again would I use them. Terrible.
It was great .Tammy that's works at the *********&nbsp;WV location is awesome.I have known her since the 80s.She is a wonderful person.One Main is lucky to have her.She works hard is is wonderful with her customers.
Absolutely amazing experience. In and out within 20 minutes of approval!!
Great experience. Fast and friendly. No hassle service. Thank you.
Service was awesome and made me feel comfortable and my time was of value.
Great Service! Eva made the process really easy and Simple! Definitely recommend.
"Fast, no hidden fee and there representative (Daisy) is really helpful and professional."
"I have been a long time customer of One Main until this year. There was a situation with my financed vehicle and the Branch manager was not willing to help me in anyway, treated me like a piece of crap instead of a respected customer. Come to find out they knew the whe time what happened to my car and lied to me saying they didn't."
"This Company is ridiculous! My husband came with my Elderly Mom to assist her with getting a loan to take care of Medical needs &amp; other Personal issues.  A young lady by the name of Meagan assisted My Mom &amp; My husband with the approval process.  She advised my husband that they were approved &amp; that they will get a call later to go over approval terms.  Meagan looked at my husband who is African American &amp; stated that she needed to speak with someone about the loan.  She made a notation on the loan to the fact that My Husband was taking advantage on my Elderly Mom &amp; that she was not coherent to understanding what the loan was about.
Meagan looked at my husband as a threat to My Mom &amp; not as an individual assisting his Mother in law with a loan.  My husband &amp;  I are my Mom&rsquo;s caregivers. We care for her , feed her &amp; take her to her Doctors appointments.  How dare she think that my husband was trying to take advantage of his Mother in law.
My husband is a licensed Prayer Minister &amp;  took my Mom to her appointment. I was at work &amp; not able to assist her. Meagan misjudged by husband by the Color of his skin.  He was in Summer attire had he dressed up in a suit would that make a difference?  Nope.  A Black Man assisting an Elderly woman is an automatic Red flag. My Mom was coherent &amp; answered all questions asked.  I assisted my Mom with follow up calls on loan status.  Every conversation with Meagan was short &amp; rude.
I spoke with Manager Logan who informed me that it&rsquo;s in the best interest of my Mom that loan was denied even when she was advised loan was approved &amp; terms were disclosed.  Logan on last week stated he will call me once he gets an update.  Logan actually spoke with my Mom &amp; she told him that she understood the terms of the loan clearly &amp; didn&rsquo;t know why it&rsquo;s taking so long for a signature for clearance if it was approved already.  Logan said that his agents are trained to look at certain Red flags.
One Main fin needs more training w/ their team."
"Do not use ONE MAIN. They will continually harass you to collect payments. They also will incessantly call your place of work.
I had to go into a debt relief program because the payments and interest rate were ridiculous."
I applied for their BrightWay card that came by personal invite. I was approved they had pulled my reports. On trying to activate my card they had put in one of my last 4 ssn wrong on their verification platform. They then wanted me to send my social security card and drivers liscence via email which anyone knows you should NEVER do for personal information protection  I called in multiple times and had them cancel as I would not take the risk of sending those personal documents. Ridiculous that they had the information and still requested to reprove it to activate. This is not a legitimate or consumer protected action on their part. I have asked for verification of cancelling the and response to that request and was told maybe I will get it or maybe not. The email to the division to try and correct this has never been responded back to. professionalism on the phone was rude by most representatives. Their were only 2 ladies that had real concern as to the problem the rest were take it or leave it. Well I left it and am very concerned of the legitimacy of this card and it&rsquo;s practices. I have also requested this application be removed from my credit reports.
Evelyn at the *********&nbsp;branch on ******&nbsp;Street was very pleasant. She helped me with the loan process efficiently and overall did a fantastic job. Thank you!
"Tequila was literally so amazing &amp; the greatest person I could&rsquo;ve asked to work with! So patient, kind &amp; explained everything to me so well so I didn&rsquo;t feel as overwhelmed. 10/10 will recommend her to anyone &amp; would work with again!"
They are very professional and the customer service is excellent !!!
"Friendly staff and easy process.
Very informative. I would definitely redolent to my family."
The process was easy. I was given a variety of loan options and payment options. That was helpful to ensure I didn't borrow more than I could not pay back.
Very nice to deal with very good experience easy application process
I was taken care of fast and courteous. I greatly appreciate that.
The process was quick and easy. Alejandra my loan specialist was fantastic and she listened to everything I said with great attentiveness. I definitely recommend OneMain financial.
Very smooth and very friendly office..thank you for your help.
Your Representatives was very helpful and very nice answered all my questions and I would recommend this company to other people
Nice friendly staff and fast service clean office happy to help people
"We applied for a loan in the *********&nbsp;FL branch **** ** *** *** *********&nbsp;FL and Yaribel ******* ****&nbsp;was our loan officer, to say she made us feel welcomed is a understatement, she was efficient, very nice and knowledgeable. I heard others in the office they were nice but not authentic nice like Yaribel. We loved our experience with OneMain and especially working with this wonderful young lady.
Give her a raise!
Thank you
Robert and Vickie ****"
"Shannon does an excellent job. Very friendly and professional. She works  hard to make the process quick, easy and painless."
"Awesome customer service . Professional and courteous, worked within my financial limitations."
Ashley was such a pleasure to work with and very helpful. All the girls up there are very helpful and polite.
"Great experience, fast and knowledgeable service! I Got exactly what I asked for and was very satisfied."
"Overall, it was a good service and timely! The only downside is that you&rsquo;re unable to transfer the funds directly to your debit card or bank account, although the website says that you can. For a customer like myself who lacks a local bank account, leaving out of town in a few days (hence the reason for the loan) has to electronically deposit the funds into my out of town bank and wait for it to clear. Gross disadvantage! Either update the website or implement that capability."
Very helpful and understanding when I needed help they were there
Each time I do business with One Main it&rsquo;s an awesome experience!  Thank you Deb.
"Very professional, helpful and kind. The process was quit and easy."
"I think OneMaim financial group,LLC is a great place to do business, we fill out paperwork check was in our account next day in the morning. I  recommend it to do business. I&rsquo;m"
The whole process was easy and quick. Angela was very helpful and made me feel at ease.
It was easy and smooth to get it . Very excellent
The person I worked with was extremely helpful in explaining everything so that I could understand and make a wise informed decision about my finances.  I'm so pleased with OneMain.
They were fair   I know that the interest is Hugh but I thank them for the bizzness
"Beth was courteous, informative, and very professional! She knows what she is doing and helped me make a life changing decision!! Hats off to the entire staff.
James G"
"Awesome customer service by Ms. J****** in ***** ************, VA.  I was done in and finances in my bank the very next day.  I mean WOW!!"
Great customer service!! Was a great experience getting our loan completed in a timely manner.
I thought you guys did a great job assisting me with my loan.
I was told over the phone that I was eligible for over 50% more than I  finally was approved for. I was there for over 90 minutes and sent to the supermarket to use the restroom. The only reason I still took the loan was because I already told people I would have the funds. So I was unable to do what I originally wanted the money for. If I was told from the beginning the actual amount I never would have gotten the new loan.
"The most delightful experience ever, with helpful and knowledgeable agent."
"The OneMain Financial Branch Office at *** ******** ***** ** ** *******, TN has a very professional Staff. The representative that I worked with Miss Shaun was a true professional with a very pleasant demeanor and it was a pleasure to work with her through my loan process.
L. E. G****"
Brian at the *********&nbsp;office is wonderful! He is knowledgeable and professional! Great place to meet all your financial needs!
Great staffs explained everything to you and answer all your questions very good experience
"Servicio eficiente y con una pronta respuesta a la solicitud, 100% Recomendado."
I asked for a loan and they unlawfully gave out my information. THEY SHOULD BE ASHAMED. Sorry no stars.
My experience was awesome. Never had any issues or problems. Staff there is excellent. They cover every detail. And make certain you understand everything.
It's was a very nice n easy process angles was very nice n pleasant to deal all n all very nice experience ??
"Dear One Main,
I just started a loan with your *******&nbsp;location, and I am already experiencing difficulties. I mad a payment to my account on August 4, and my online portal says that my next payment is due August 14. I called about this on August 18, and was told it will be changed, but it was not. I called again this morning, and no one was able to assist me. I am concerned that the payments that are being made are not being credited to my account, and that information will not be updated in my credit report. In addition, your representatives are far from pleasant."
"One Main was Springleaf
A rip off co preys on Credit Karma to bait &amp; switch rates very high?
These are crooks and should be avoided"
Ms. Christy was sweet and very down-to-earth! I&rsquo;m glad she helped me! Explained everything clearly and thoroughly!
Horrible. They don't tell you what you need to bring in until showing up at signing. Then you can't sign because you didn't bring what they didn't tell you to bring.  BIG WASTE OF EVERYONES TIME!!!!!
Very helpful and easy to navigate. Process was smooth and I have no complaints.
"Courtney was extremely helpful, patient, and encouraging. My options were clearly explained and I was left feeling very assured with my choice. I would definitely recommend this service and would use again in the future."
"We love doing business with them.  They are friendly, helpful and always seem to go beyond what you would expect.  The staff is always smiling and willing to help even when we are only going in to make a payment.  Keep up the great work."
Great customer service! Very helpful and friendly throughout the process
Noel is just as sweet as she can be.   Thanks for always helping me out!!!
Everything went smoothly and I was very satisfied. Tammy was excellent to work with!
Great services ! Thank you so much ! Gran servicio y profesionalismo . Muy atentos y me ayudaron lo m&aacute;s posible .
"Convenient online application, great people, professional experience, fair terms, quick funds. Marissa was great!"
My experience was excellent! The process was so fast and easy. The payments are super manageable and I'm grateful they were able to help me get out if a very tough predicament.
"Peggy K
Loan process was quick &amp; simple. Vanessa was great, pleasant, friendly &amp; explained everything thoroughly."
Every time i go in i feel like Family and the process is simple and easy&hellip; They are always there for me when i needed them the most.
"Great customer service! Loan process was quick and easy!
Thanks OMF"
"I&rsquo;ve interacted positively with ****, ********, and ******* ****&nbsp;previously with great experiences.
However, with one main there was a huge difference between the soft quote + approval then what they followed up with reaching out to me.
They also refused to give me any paperwork from the process showing me my approval results. Hadn&rsquo;t screenshot when I was online unfortunately and didn&rsquo;t get an emails with the details.
Chalk it up to a loss and wasted credit pull. I&rsquo;d recommend steering clear."
"Jamie ******&nbsp;answered all of my questions, repeatedly even, and made sure that I was comfortable, ensuring a personable experience. I didn't feel like just another signed paper or number, I truly felt like an individual.
I liked that I had an actual office with real people to go into and go over and sign my paperwork with. There was no pressure to purchase the extra options, even after taking the time to review them with me multiple times.
I would recommend OneMain Financial to anyone, especially if all of their staff provide as good of customer service as Jamie did."
"They are a RIPOFF! Rate 36%...... Loan for $6k....paid $222/month for 7 months......when requested payoff and crooks added in more interest, paid off $5800!!!! Stay away!!!!!!!"
The entire process was very quick and easy. It took far less time than I expected. Cheryl was fantastic.
The people that work in the office were very friendly. They made the whole process very easy to do.
"Customer service was great. The associates were awesome.  In spite of a great lost to there team, all the associates that i dealt with at this branch in Florida were wonderful.  I would most definitely refer clients to this company. May God bless you all.keep up the great work."
"I took out a 2000.00 loan July of 2020, they told me I had to do a 3 year payment plan, well 3 years later they have taken their 37th payment, my invoice says the loan does not mature until 2/2024, now simple math tells me that's alot more than 36 months, they are now stealing from me. Do not ever trust this company"
On Credit Karma said approved for $20K. Then I am told I can only get like $16K. Mind you I have been doing business with them for 6 or 7 years and never late with any payments. So I can definitely say loyalty means nothing to them.
"Everything went well...Interest too high, but needed a loan. Will pay off ASAP!"
Have had a acct for a few years &amp; wanted to refinance. The rep. I worked with was super nice &amp; was able to pay off the 1st loan &amp; get me another loan which allowed me to pay off some high balance cards. Saved me quite a bit of money each month.
"Muy buen sevicio, muy atentas las personas que me atendieron y muy profesionales. Muy satisfecho con todo"
It was definitely an easy process.  I greatly appreciate the whole office!
Very easy loan process and I did not even need to leave my home. All paperwork was signed on computer and funds were in my bank account next business day I dealt with loan officer Laura and she was great to work with over the phone. She was both friendly and knowledgeable. Highly recommend OMF. -Tony
This is our second time to use this location. Lisa always treats us like family and finds the best solution for our needs. I highly recommend them!!!
"Was very happy with Angie from the ********, IN branch and had no issues on loan process."
Great experience great people just what I needed definitely will do this again in the future if needed
"Ive been using one main in Florida for years, and they have always been great to deal with&hellip; no different here in ******!! They were amazing"
They helped us out with a loan when we knew a bank would never help us.  The process was fast and quick and we had our money within 30 minutes after we were approved.
very polite and satisfied for her customer service.Keep up the good work
"I have used OneMain financial services numerous times for various reasons.  They have always come through for me in my time of need.  The customer service is genuinely kind, supportive and understanding which makes a huge difference especially when you are going through a rough patch!
OneMain is awesome!"
Having a loan established expedited the process and I was able to complete the loan online! My loan officer was very thorough and helpful. I recommend this service to any one in need.
The local office in Chattanooga was so easy to work with. They explained each step clearly and thoroughly.  Hassle free process.
Great group of people to work with. They were wonderful and answered all my questions.
"Excellent, caring, personable staff. Easy application process. After loan approval money was in my bank account before I got home. Will definitely continue to use for any future loans."
"It was quick and easy, and Ana was friendly and informative."
Pain free process! Great customer service at the **********&nbsp;Pa office. Would recommend to my friends.
Terrible. Felt predatory. They tried to force me into optional products. Do not consider using this company.
"Rude.  Mis-leading.
Applied for loan online.  Received approval for terms listed.  Wanted pay stubs and front/ back of ID.  No problem.
But... receive email from local location to say they need more info and to go over different options/terms. When questioning the disconnect between what was stated on approval, the agent became rude.
He asked if I wanted to cancel the loan and I said most definitely."
Predatory business practices.  One employee tells you they can't do something then another employee tells you yes they can do that and doesn't understand why the other employee would say that. Try to hustle as much money out of you as possible. Worst business I have ever dealt with pure crap business practices. If I could give a negative star I would..
"I used the ***** ****, CA one main financial branch. The Financial specialist attending me made me repeat the application 4 times because she wasn&rsquo;t paying attention to detail. Her errors included : beneficiary name errors, payment date errors, deposit fund account error. At the end, she seemed fed up because of the amount of times repeated, but had never asked me how I wanted to get paid so she programmed a ACH transfer. She then told me that if I wanted to get my preferred method, instant payout ,I&rsquo;d have to use a debit card and she&rsquo;d have to cancel the contract again. I then told her I&rsquo;m sorry but she never asked. She left to do so and the  manager, Valeria ******,  intervened and said to her associate ,&rdquo;remember we can&rsquo;t do instant transfer because of that one thing on the system that changed yesterday&rdquo;. I then got into a discussion about why not if she just said it was possible if she cancels the contract. She then got aggressive and said, &ldquo; you&rsquo;re just going to have to wait&rdquo;. She stared at me angry and then rolled her eyes to continue to work. These are supposed to be people that I trust, that I&rsquo;m lending from; not a hostile environment that clearly lies to me and avoids to put in the work for their customers."
Great hospitality and very helpful  when it came to asking questions about everything!
Great and kind knows how to speak and you like you&rsquo;re special!!!??
"******** PA office has the best workers, who are truly assets to the company.  Process was quick, they had so much patience with me when I did not understand something.  Out of all the loan companies I have had loans with, this office ranks #1 in my book."
Was a painless and dare I say enjoyable experience.  Quick process and amazing customer service.
Lisa was very friendly and professional happy to explain anything I wasn't sure of.
"Do NOT waste your time with One Main! I was denied a loan but was told that I would probably be approved with a co-signer. Great, right?! No! I spoke to a few people and a very good family friend offered to co-sign, so I contacted One Main to adjust the paperwork. It was only then, after two days of dealing with them, that I was told that a co-signer has to be either a direct relative or someone who lives in the same household. This would have been beneficial information to have been given when I was first told to get a co-signer! This company is a joke and I now know why they have had to pay millions in settlement money to other people. You would do well to stay as far away from this company as possible!"
Great service ! Great people and the loan process was smooth with no issues.
"Very Friendly &amp; Professional Staff....Quick, no non-sense approval. Thank You for such a pleasant experience !!! Would definitely recommend Your company to anyone need Your services offered."
"Andre was great, he explained everything and was patient with me."
"Everything went real good,, Thanks, Kimberly was great, I know I didn't spell her name correct, but she was very helpful."
Fast and excellent service. Muy buena explicaci&oacute;n de como funciona la empresa.
We talked before I got to my appointment from home.  She had all the info ready when I arrived and everything went very smoothly.  She also saw I had a loan somewhere else and we decided to consolidate the two loans. Thank you very much
"As always, my experience was very pleasant. This is not the first time that OneMain Financial has helped me out and they have once again stepped up and helped me in a very professional and painless manner. I appreciate them and what they have done for me both in the past as well as the present instance."
The best experience. Henry *******&nbsp;from One Main located at **** * ******* ****** *****&nbsp;FL was like an angel to me. He helped me explained all terms very good and with desires to help.
"I experienced great customer experience, Mr H*** was awesome and professional, he explain as he went the process of helping. I have took out loans before and I was never left with such an awesome experience. You guys are best and plan on doing business with you again in the future
Thanks Garth *******&nbsp;"
The representative was very friendly and business like and I would recommend my friend to contact her if in need of a loan
"Great service, nice people, explained well, made this senior very comfortable."
I love the girls in ********&nbsp;Ohio office. They are always so friendly and helpful.
I kept getting denied over and over again I applied  and within a day I was finally able to get a loan I desperately needed! absolutely recommend! The process was easy very nice customer service and overall amazing!
Was disappointed that Nicki wasn't in the office to close our loan. Other than that we were happy to get our small loan.
Everthing about it was GREAT the whole experience! EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE THROUGH IT ALL.
This was a fast easy process and I was made to feel at ease with the choice I made ??.
"My wife and I contacted the branch in *********, IL. The service was beyond horrible, Christy had no idea what she was doing and we got 4 hard inquiries on our credit without getting a loan. I would not recommend OMF to anyone.  If anything stay away!!!"
"They were supper nice and they have the time to explain everything to me and very nice and overall amazing customer service.
.."
"First of all they tell you they won't do a hard inquiry, but they do.  I've usually had no problems making my payments until i lost my job last year during covid.  And when i call OMF to tell them i had lost my job, they still expected me to make my monthly payments. So, I had use my savings to make sure I paid every month. I also called them to tell them i couldn't afford the monthly payment of 400 a month because i was without a job. They did help me with that, but now I have a job that doesn't pay what i made before and still can't afford the monthly payment. All they kept doing is deferring my monthly payment to a lower amount until this month. An unexpected bill came up and messed up my financial situation and i called to tell them, and they said i could no longer modify to loan payment to a lower amount. So they called and harassed me every day. Every month when i called, spoke with someone different and they tell me different things, months later, someone tells me i could have used my unemployment insurance that i pay on with this loan to cover my cost when i was without a job. I'm like, why couldn't you people tell me that when i called to tell you i lost my job.  They are very misleading. I regret getting a loan with them. I was better off just paying my credit cards off myself."
"Great customer service. *** ******, La. The staff there did an awesome job assisting me. Thanks!"
"Absolutely wasted my time for 5 days straight requesting and re requesting documents, telling me I was all set and then requesting documentation, then finally told me I was approved. Then right as we're getting ready to leave to go to the dealership, they called, tell us ""sorry we screwed up"" and we're not actually approved, and essentially that their sorry for wasting my entire week, but there's nothing they can do. DO NOT waste your time with Onemain."
"Deceptive ads and offered 35% interest which is higher than my credit cards.
Advertised that applying would not lead to hard inquiry but then did so.
Stay away"
Great experience! Nadine was amazing throughout the entire loan process and completing online was so easy and helpful for busy people.
Great Service  the  Second person who finished my loan.  Thanks
"Excellent service,
Mike specifically did an amazing job.
He explained everything throughly and helped me understand everything in detail.
He answered all my questions, and overall amazing customer service.
I would recommend him to everyone, he&rsquo;s always ready to help."
"Terrible misled in advertising. Run hard inquiry on your credit. And then only come up with additional information that you will need to submit. And rate suddenly changes drastically. Should not be advertised as a helpful easy loan. I understand not everyone will qualify but you better off just applying for a credit card.
DO NOT APPLY IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A LOAN to help pay off couple things. False advertisement right from the beginning.
And you will wind up with hard inquiry on your credit history. Scam."
"I regret the day I ever went to them&hellip; I&rsquo;ve been a customer here for a couple years now and I&rsquo;ve never missed a payment, I might not have paid on the exact pay date but always always before the month is over&hellip; I&rsquo;m an independent truck driver and I&rsquo;m never paid the same week to week but I always handle my responsibilities&hellip; as soon as I&rsquo;m one day over the projected pay date these people call and harass me everyday all day&hellip; constant phone calls text messages and emails. Even if I speak to someone tell them I&rsquo;m going to pay before the month is over they continue to harass with calls etc. they interrupt my work and it doesn&rsquo;t stop during the week I also get phone calls on the weekends as well, it&rsquo;s ridiculous"
Good experience everything went smooth very nice group of associates
"Best experience ever! Super friendly! Even had a few laughs which was great ????
You just never know when someone needs that??"
Hartley was absolutely amazing! She went above and beyond to ensure I got everything I needed.
Very friendly people at the ***** ****&nbsp;IN location...quick process and super quick funding...very happy!
"Excellent service, loan process very smooth, the money was deposited the same day I signed documents."
OneMain came through when I was in a dire situation. The process was easy and relaxed.
"Excellent service ?? ??
Nuff said, I read the reviews and see the 1 star or negative comments,  I often wonder what happen, where did they go. I called , spoke to representatives.  Brought in documents that was ask of me , sign paperwork. Discussed terms and conditions on Friday,  money was deposited in my account on Tuesday morning. No issues at all ."
"Jordan was very helpful to me.  He was knowledgeable, professional, friendly, and most of all very nice.
Took the time to explain everything I needed to know and what I was signing.
Thank you"
"Mr billy was very nice and helpful!! And Mr billy explained everything to me, I would refer anyone."
"Excellent, organized, friendly, knowledgeable, helpful, personable, time worthy, go to loan company"
"Great company, very friendly and the process was easy as well. I would definitely recommend to all my family and friends!"
"Trish was awesome (**********,ok). She had a lot of patience with me and my outdated phone! Thanks Trish!"
"The one main financial team did an excellent job, helping us with our loan explained. Everything was great confidence and walked us through the process over a computer very well."
Excellent service and most helpful staff. I understood everything they ask for
The office in **********&nbsp;gives the ultimate service when needed. Heather the office manager is beyond efficient and she&rsquo;s the best there is in my opinion. I enjoy working with her extremely.
"Would give 0 stars if I could.
Got an email to check for pre approval. Got many actually. My credit has gone up substantially the past couple of years and I've become more stable since. So went ahead to see what I could get in the hopes I can build more credit, refinance my remaining credit cards, etc.
Preapproved for 4k and so I submit after checking fine print/website to see what the process could entail. They end up wanting to put a lien on my vehicle that I own for a couple thousand bucks but my vehicle is worth much more than that. Why on earth would I want to put a car loan on a car that I own. They just want to pass me a bit of money in the hopes that they can find a way to repo a car I already paid for. Plus people usually pay off car loans so they own it and no longer have a loan on the car. Had I known this would be the case I never would have submitted. Preapproval process from them is a total scam and now I have a hard pull on my credit from this. STAY AWAY."
"That's because they don't let you put no stars this company the older lady is a straight *&nbsp;never liked her she talk to you like she's your mother or grandmother like you her kid or something and they call you 2 or 3 times a day every day if you don't answer the phone or call your other person on your loan if you don't answer your phone I told them when I get paid( end of the month) I will come to the office and pay That's not good enough for them because they use to take it out my account I stop it so now they harrass the heck out of me call 2 or 3 times or call my mom if I don't answer they are te most annoying,rudest people I ever know never get a loan from this money hunger behind company people run like ****!!"
"I have never been treated so poorly. Patricia the branch manager of the *********, IN location was so rude and unprofessional. She essentially told me, my husband and another employee at the branch to shut up because she was on the phone. My husband approached her and informed her that she had offended us.The woman doubled down and was even more outrageous. I ended up getting up and leaving because I couldn&rsquo;t believe how Patricia was speaking to my husband. We ended up leaving and not signing the loan merely for the fact of the treatment we received from Patricia. Do not do business here unless you want to be treated like dirt."
Great  staff very Friendly and patient I will definitely recommend One Main to everyone I know
The loan process with this company was amazing and the offers were outstanding all the offers they were offering I need to have to help my mother
By far the best experience getting a loan that I have ever had. The ladies in the office are extremely friendly and make you feel like you are part of the family. I will definitely recommend them to anyone that needs a loan.
"Scam artist!!
I applied for a loan with one main. At first I was approved and they had me bring my pay stubs to the office.
After giving all my pay stubs, and bank information I was denied a loan.
They are now on my credit report saying I owe $5700.00 for a loan I never received.
I tried disputing the account but the investigation said all information was confirmed by the furnisher.
Just wanted to let people know about this.
I'm currently working with an attorney to take onemain to court.
Can't really afford an attorney but I can't afford ONEMAIN ro get away with this fraudulent action."
Very friendly and helpful.  Very Easy process and would recommend to anyone.
"It may have been about 10 years ago I was in a pinch, there was a judgement against me and my credit score was not so good.
One Main Financial in ***** ND was able to give me a loan to pay off the judgment, it was a BIG RELIEF to my situation! , I have used One Main Financial for my loan needs now and it has been Great!!.
Awesome employees at the ***** ND  branch so friendly and great to work with.      Thank You All!! at the ***** ND Branch!!"
"One Main has been there to help me when I was in need. The folks I dealt with were professional and helped me through the process. Saying ""Thank you,"" is not nearly enough. I know that if am in need in the future, One Main is there. That is a comforting thought."
"My complaint is after having a couple of accounts with them &amp; paid off. When u refinance a loan, even though never missed a payment or been delinquent, u never get a break on the finance charge."
"As for someone with less than perfect credit, I have had the most pleasant experiences with my OneMain in *********&nbsp;NC. Super friendly staff &amp; very knowledgeable in excellent they do"
Great experience. Quick and friendly service. Took 1 hour to get everything done.
Getting the loan was very easy and the people that help me was very professional and went through all the loan so I understood everything
You guys where amazing  thanks so much this is my 2 time getting a loan with you guys
Dustin was awesome!! easiest loan experience I have ever had!!! money in my bank within hr of leaving super awesome experience!@!!!
"Excellent experience. Efficient, thorough and professional. The associate was polite and answered all questions"
Awesome to work with! Great company! Thank you OneMain Financial! ******&nbsp;location is GREAT!
"Great customer service, excellent timeline for completing requests, never misleading as everything is discussed in detail prior to me excepting the offer. My local branch, *********&nbsp;NY, always makes time to discuss everything on my available time. Very understanding of my current situation and constantly go out of their way to assist me. If all OM team members operate in this fashion, then OM Leadership should be very proud.
Ron R"
Jennifer ***** was amazing. She was professional and friendly. My loan process was quick and easy. I have already recommended Jennifer to a friend and will continue to do so in the future. Thank you for a more than pleasant experience.
Great services!!! Provided me with a abundance of options and was very fast and understanding of my needs
"OneMain has helped me tremendously with debt consolidation! I started with a small loan ($1500) with a very high interest rate to prove I was trustworthy. After just 3 months of on time payments, they approved me for a much larger loan with a lower interest rate! The rep I worked with helped me to work out my budget so I could pay my loan off sooner to avoid paying more than necessary in interest."
"Applied for a loan with Emily.  She deleted my upload documents.  She was new and inexperienced.  Was on the phone for 1/2 hour giving her information.  She said she would get back to me in a few minutes with offers.  She didn&rsquo;t call back.  Received another email stating I had to upload my documents again.  Called Emily back.  She said I could get an offer for $22,608 but they would pay off my car and I would only get a $2000 loan.  I requested a $15,000-$20,000 loan for a home improvement project.  When I informed her that was not what I requested, she transferred me to her manager Alyssa who went on to say I was pushy, rude and condescending because I questioned Emily about the bait and switch tactics.  The manager was rude and condescending to me and insulted me.  If this is how they treat their customers, run, don&rsquo;t walk!!!!  I was insulted because I questioned their bait and switch tactics.  The manager Alyssa was the rudest person and gave me a hard time for questioning their bait and switch loan processes.  I had a previous loan with One Main Financial in *** ***** ****, MN which I paid on time and paid off early.  The *** ***** ****&nbsp;branch was friendly, courteous and professional.  Alyssa the manager of the *******&nbsp;branch was obnoxious, rude and shouldn&rsquo;t be dealing with the public at all.  Again, stay away from the *******&nbsp;branch and their underhanded bait and switch tactics."
I have had the worst experience with this company and the staff working in this location. Every staff member will give different information on best route for pay off and collateral retrieval. I had three employees direct me differently on payment methods and how to retrieve my collateral once paid. I listened to the last lady I spoke with and paid my account on the app. Once the payment cleared my bank and showed zero balance the company tells me oh that wasn&rsquo;t the best way to pay because it takes longer. So now I have to wait 20 additional days for my own property to be released back to me. I expressed how horrible this company has been to me and the lady I spoke to laughed at me. The unprofessionalism and lack of support by this group is extremely infuriating. Avoid this company and location at all costs! I would give zero stars if it were an option.
Even when you are months ahead they will put the extra money you pay to interest. I paid 250$ extra and they put 3$  to my principal. And as stated before I am 2 months ahead on my loan. And when I asked them to fix it they refused and said I have to make the principal payment next month. They are scammers. Just taking your money and they make it difficult to pay your loan off early. Their goal isn't to help you it's to make more money and keep you in debt. Don't use this company with their excessive rates and incapability to to be an honest company.
"Very helpful understanding staff. Rachel was very accurate in giving info made sure she dotted her i's &amp; crossed her t's. Always willing to work with people's credit history their credit status their financial situation, their situations, and the fact that they can do this all day everyday helping so many people is beyond awesome. Everybody very communicable friendly nice and so helpful; they got me the loan that I needed all in one day. Very reliable and I will definitely spread the word and refer refer refer"
"I updated my payment account online in early June. On 07/17 they tried to pull money from the old bank account that was not even in the system anymore. I called, while logged in online and verified the new account was in fact there. The customer service rep saw something completely different than me; he saw the old account. I explained it was not ok that they were trying to pull money from an account that was being deactivated, and it cost me money. His reply, ""I will escalate this"". The system did not update changes made approximately a month prior. Something is seriously wrong with information technology at this institution, and I will never do business with them again."
"Predatory credit company
Do not use their service
I made payment on my card July 11
They will not credit my account until July 27 when my account recycles
The should be illegal"
"One Main credit card monthly payments are held for some reasoning from 10 to 18 days before your card will reflect the payment. It appears that the bigger the payment, the longer it's held in the pockets. Very unsatisfactory considering it's 2023."
"Horrible Customer service. After paying my entire CC balance on 07/07, I have not been able to use my CC at all. I called the main number for card services only to be given the run around and told there was nothing they could do. A random HOLD on my Payment would placed for 10 business days from the original payment date and no one could remove it. I Escalated the call to a supervisor only to be met with a abrasive and matter-of-fact toned individual claiming to be a supervisor. When asked if they can do anything was told no. I asked for their supervisor I was told they don't answer phones. IN my 26 years of owning a CC I've never heard of something like this. I have never missed a payment nor have I ever been delinquent. I did a ton of business with them too. I will not be recommending this to anyone and anyone reading this should stay away. Your better off getting a Credit card somewhere else."
"One Main Financial initially online approved a loan applied for.  We provided my husbands information and mine. Later we uploaded the requested docs online through their website and they supposedly stated the received all the information and will contact him.  Later his TU credit was pulled on day 1 then on day 2 about 3 with all hard inquiries.  Now, I know they pulled mine as well as a co-signer all to hear he was denied .  Makes no sense to have an so called approval at first and pull a consumers credit 4 times all to deny them???? Why did they need out vehicle information if the loan wasn't going to be approved after all, why approve the initial application all to have it denied with it clearly states the online a 550 credit score is needed to be approved and then they put a hard inquiry on his TU file which will inturn negatively impact is score."
Office staff was friendly and my rep was great. Made the transaction quick and easy
"I was in the hospital just getting out of a **** and these GOOFY folks called me about a payment and I hadn't missed one in two years. When I told them I'd just gotten out of a **** they then proceeded to say they were sorry for my health issue but they need a payment. I told them it wasn't going to happen as I was fighting for my life. When I got healthy again I asked for the pay off amount for the next day because I was going to have to clear it with my bank first and I knew I wasn't going to be able to do it the same day. They then proceeded to tell me I had to make a payment that day. I told them I was going to completely pay it off and that they weren't going to tell me what I'm going to do. I had to ask several times for the pay out and they STILL insisted I make a payment. My question was, why would I make a payment when I'm going to pay you in full?! Doesn't make sense. These people have nasty attitudes and can't handle their own isht thrown back at them. Fast forward... I put in another application recently. I actually have money, I just wanted to see if they hold grudges. So she calls me yesterday and proceeds to ask me for information yesterday that they never asked me for. I've been working 1099 the whole time I've had loans with them and it never was a problem. Now she asks for a pay stub and I sent a read out from the company I subcontract for. ""That's not acceptable"" is what I was told. My credit and the money I make is better than it ever was before and I already know It's because they got cussed out because they wanted to be ignorant. I didn't really need the loan, it was a test and they failed miserably. If you don't pay it in lump sums you'll never pay it off. They will continue this practice and will lose in the long run because of not being professional. I've had $12,000, $5,000 loans with these folks that I've paid in full. This last application was for $2,000 and I was told I didn't qualify. So now.... Tell me if that makes sense? Lol"
"This was the best experience I ever had with a lender.!!! The loan officer was A-1,  she was very perfessional and a pleasure to work with..I will defiently put a word out."
"Very nice and friendly staff
Very professional and very well deserved the best."
She was very friendly and very helpful . I would recommend her to my friends.
The ladies at One Main Financial do an excellent job getting you a loan.  They are friendly and easy to work with.  Thanks again.
Great customer service Keisha and Raul are so nice and helpful
"I was approved for a loan through One Main with an excellent credit score, however, the interest rate I was given was 24.98% and I asked the representative that helped me with my loan why is the interest so high, she said she didn&rsquo;t know, that my credit score was the highest she has seen. I would like an explanation as towhy my interest rate is so high. I was going to try another lender but settled with one main because I needed to debt consolidate and did not want another hard inquiry on my credit report from another lender."
Great!  trouble free! Great staff great management.  Made to process very easy!
It was a quick and easy process once they had received the requested items
"Absolutely great services with specialists. Process went smoothly and was explained in full details along with terms, rewards and other interests."
Carlos was amazing he was pleasant and passion in the process of processing my loan
Excellent service Meagan ****&nbsp;was awesome quick and easy fast
This was a great experience and both ladies in the office were helpful and professional.  The Asst Manager was exceptional
"Very professional. I received an offer through Credit Karma and filled everything out online. Once on the phone the OneMain representative, she finished the process quickly and even helped me navigate the online site. Her patience was top-notch, as my internet was on the blink due to a storm coming up while I was on the phone with her. I highly recommend OneMain!"
Nadyne is always so helpful and accommodating. Great customer service!!
Good service and easy to use and understand disclosure. No hidden fees.
"Easy and smooth process to get my loan, I had it within two days"
"My entire experience was amazing from my first telephone call to receiving the funds.
Diana was great and understanding to my needs. I would definitely recommend my family and friends to OneMain Financial"
"I have never requested a loan from this organization and there are tons of inquiries on my credit.  I have been dealing w stolen identity/hacking by an insane man. He was arrested, fired from his job etc. They are impossible to get a hold of and I&rsquo;m dealing w NYS to look into them.  Also the CFPB, TransUnion, Experian etc.  I do NOT have any account with them and have never applied for a loan.  Not sure what the story is with them but they seem like &ldquo;bottom feeders&rdquo;.  I&rsquo;m looking at 8 inquiries&hellip;. Insane."
I love that I talked to an actual person. She gave me my loan options and helped me decide which one was best for me. It was easy and of course supper fast. I highly recommend this service for anyone needing a little financial boost. It happens to the best of us.
The One Main Office in ************&nbsp;New Jersey is a joke. I applied for a loan on line and got an approval. They sent me a text to call Crystal which I did on a Thursday. It went to voice mail and I left a message for a call back that did not happen. I went into the office on Friday and Brad said she left and to call back Monday and make an appointment to bring paperwork in for the loan. When I called and finally talked with her she said I did not qualify. Therefore kept me waiting for no reason. This is really not a good way to do business.
"Awful experience. After many phone calls and even an in-person meeting to &ldquo;finalize&rdquo; a loan I was approved for, I was told that I, in fact, was not approved. I left work early (not easy) for that meeting so they could photograph my car for the secured loan. Uploaded all of the information. Was led to believe that all I had to do was bring in a copy of my vehicle title and finalize. What a waste of time. Not to mention cruel to give someone hope when they&rsquo;re going through a tough time and then pull the rug out at the 11th hour."
"Very nice people.. fast, efficient, and informative if anything was missing or incorrect. This wasn't an online process as some places use- it was done at their office, so more personalized service. I recommend One Main Financial for your needs."
"???????????????? Do ?? Not Get A loan&hellip;
???????????????? Do ?? Not Get A loan through them, they will destroy you,and Dig into your credit so hard, looking for your parents money, and your vehicle Collateral,I mean please be careful, they will pre approval just to check, don't believe pre approval ??
Date of experience: July 07, 2023"
"This was my third experience with one main, and it was just as easy and helpful as the other two. The staff listens to you and helps you the best way they can. They went over and beyond what I was expecting. This will not be my last time using their services."
Awesome service and easy application process.  I completed all of the loan process in person and it was pretty quick and professional.  I would recommend One Main Financial!
"Amanda is very professional and knowledgeable&hellip;
I enjoyed meeting and doing business with her.  Process was smooth and easy."
"Great experience!
Convenient application and approval process by mobile phone."
Very professional fast and simple processing this is my second time around with them and I've been nothing but satisfied
They were very friendly and professional. They explained the terms thoroughly and answered all of my questions. I would definitely do business with them again. The only negative I can say is way to high of interest rate but for a short term loan it worked form.
"EXCELLENT experience with Krystal.  Underwriting initially rejected my app because I didn't have the proper tax documents.  Once I got those from the IRS less than a month later, I called Krystal and we got the app redone within a day.  Very easy and she was very encouraging."
The best experience I&rsquo;ve had! Very helpful and knowledgeable - I would highly recommend them!
"Omg....!!!
What a sigh of relief!! My advisor Crystal was so professional and made me comfortable in my decision making, not to mention very informative and walked me through the entire process. There's no doubt in my mind that I shouldn't have done this sooner.
Will definitely be referring others like myself.
Thanks for all you do!!
I'm very grateful and satisfied ??"
Person helping me was very professional and helpful to understand  the process.
"It was fast, and the rep I talked to did a great job helping me thru the process&hellip;"
"Susan is a very professional person and she has helped me enormously.
I will continue to work with her and tell my close friends about her.  She is a wonderful person and deserves recognition.
Mary K*******        (California or ********* ****&nbsp;office)"
The process was easy and the representative was very pleasant and professional. I'm thankful for the helpful experience in my time of need.
Very fast and nice people. High interest though. Have used before
"Great customer service!, Prompt help, extremely friendly as soon as you walk in the building, lovely atmosphere! greatly appreciated!"
Jennifer is awesome!   She did a great job on our loan!
Wonderful experience. Everything was handled with courtesy and ease. I have used them in the past and never had any issues. My agent Vanessa was exceptional.
"Get a letter that I can apply up to $10,000.
I wanted to consolidate my debt. 4 credit cards and 2 personal loans. I haven't ever been late. My score is low. Because of my debt ratio to income.
I told them that. Oh they say. As they check my score and ruin it more.
I see you never been late and at good standing for 3 yrs.
Sorry can't give you a loan. After I explained everything to them. Yet they still decided to look.
WTF!
I told you everything. Why couldn't you tell me then. But no! Let's look and see."
"Bryce was wonderful! I felt taken care of and I was able to get what I needed quick!
I highly recommend them!"
very good experience staff was very helpful and fast. I appriciated the  info and loan
I had the privilege of working with Jennifer she is fantastic professional knowledgeable friendly polite very understanding took her time to explain all of the paperwork involved with my loan I enjoyed every minute thank you
Great customer service! Very accommodating from start to finish. Took the time to thoroughly explain all addendums and providing the best options for my needs.
"Great customer service , very efficient, and was well pleased and the quickness was awesome."
I love one main financial cause when u need a loan they are there to help you and the people are so nice and respectful.
They help you out when you need it. Easy to work with and helpful. Pleasant atmosphere.
"I want to say that Elizabeth was so kind and interacted so sweet but knowledgeable,and that I greatly appreciated all th e help I was given. and I can't forget Morgan she helped me in the beginning of the process she was also very nice they gave great customer service!"
The lady who helped me was very polite and gave me good info. Rest of staff was very nice also
I just started with you and so far I am very pleased. Rep was awesome and she went the extra mile to help. Look forward to working with you and your company.
The Ladies at ***********&nbsp;One Main Financial are amazing to work with. They made the process very easy.
Concerned on how long the complete process took.  Steps to apply weren&rsquo;t clear and expectations and documentation needed were not addressed upfront.  Closing Agent was not present on the closing day and communication from stand-in was not accurate.  Appreciate the loan but was was stressed during the process on whether approved or not and when funds would be available.
"Very quick process.  Whole transaction from start to finish was completed in less that an hour, and had the money in my bank account within 3 hours.  The representative I spoke with was one of the most professional I have encountered in quite some time.  Would highly recommend to anyone."
Great experience with Anthony On top of everything you need. Thanks Anthony *********&nbsp;ONE MAIN FINANCIAL
Best experience I ever had. Abby was a delight. I would recommend One Main to everyone.  Thank you
Very understanding &amp; willing to help in any way. I will definitely be referring friends and family!
"I could not have asked for a better environment and the loan process was so quick and easy and they worked with me every step of the way.  I would recommend One Main Financial to anyone needing to borrow money because they are very efficient and have your best interest at heart.
Thank you,
Donna ******"
OneMain is the greatest financial place I have worked with.
Excellent customer care as well as service. I was happy with all aspects of my process from start to finish.
"I paid my car note early 06-08-23 from my new bank account and on time always. OneMain over charged my other bank account I don't use anymore for $425.44 which put it in a negative balance. They won't refund the money and put it back into the old account so it can be put back to a positive standing balance.  the local **** *****, GA **** ******&nbsp;Place, **** *****, GA branch and the 800 number office both keep given me the run around about my money that they should have never allowed to be taken in the first place. The **** *****, GA office and the 800 number reps are incompetence. I never had this problem from the *********, NC office they all need to get some training from this office."
"I applied online and got approved. I had to submit my proof of income which is expected and my credit is not the best. Now online it said all credit types. But I also had to submit my child support order and proof of child support assistance. Then I had to submit my proof of car insurance, a title which I don't have because I am still paying on it. Then I am told my car is being used for collateral and for refinancing which I didn't ask for, especially not for a $2000 loan. All of this just to be told I could not get the loan after being approved online. My time was wasted."
Great service! On stop shopping for a loan! Friendly staff!
"I actually really liked them at first. I fell on some hard times for a while that tanked my credit and they offered me a reasonable unsecured loan to help me out, everyone was friendly, service was fast and easy and everything was fine. I've been working my credit back up, making all my payments on time, and everything is great.
Then I get a marketing email from them saying that since I was in good standing, I was pre-approved for a larger loan, that would consolidate my current loan with them, plus leave me extra to consolidate my credit cards.
I thought ""great! this would really help."" So I call them up, again, quick to answer, no robots, friendly staff, she asks me if she could run my credit. I told her I'd prefer that she didn't but since I am already pre-approved for the $3,500, the hit to my credit score would be negated by the credit card debt I take care of. Then she tells me it would have to be a secured loan where I'd have to lien my car. I live in the city, I don't own a car. So then she said there's nothing she could do, they took points off my credit score I've been working hard to build back up, all from a misleading marketing email.
Shame on you, OneMain. That was a really really bad move. I'm super upset."
Very unproffessional and far from hospitality. Mike at the **** ******&nbsp;branch and another female in an upper role is very hateful and not for their customers.
They were there for us so we didn&rsquo;t miss out on a great deal purchasing a boat condo on the water. They came through when our own bank gave us the runaround.
"Very friendly, polite, understanding. Prompt , fast Jennifer was amazing as always.We have had at least four loans. And only deal with Jennifer"
Very very helpful in assisting me with my loan. Very friendly and explained everything to me in detail. Very grateful for the help to consolidate loans  and pay off bills with a little extra spending cash.
The application process was easy and the staff was professional. They made us feel like we were their only priority.
I had a great experience from beginning with Karen and ending with Chris. I will recommend One Main to my friends.
Wonderful company!! I would definitely recommend them to my family and friends!!!
I'm in **********&nbsp;Ind. Called one office.. Number  lady talked to me very rude using vulgar language and I was just returning a missed call from one main she was very disrespectful and needs to be fired
Very thoughtful and understanding of your particular financial needs and will go above and beyond your expectations.
"I have found One Main's Staff to be professional, courteous and very attentive. I have always been especially please with the service I have received from Linda *******.
I DO WISH that One main's interest rates were lower."
The nicest people i have ever worked with so courteous
"Heather was great ! Thanks for everything!!
Very informative! Great customer services"
"Excellent &amp; very pleased with the assistance received.  Ms Lihn was very professional &amp; knowledgeable of services rendered.
Thanks again"
Excellent Service!  Very organized and professional.  Was very good at explaining the process and terms of the loan.
"This company is misleading. I have a current loan which is nearly paid off (never missed a payment, and currently I am a couple of payments ahead) I received an offer to renew so I applied and receive two offers after they run a hard pull on my credit only to say after that  all I qualify for is the secured loan. I will never work with this company again. Terrible, misleading, a will ruin your credit."
"Used website to update my payment information, and payment alerts. I did not request a new loan nor do I want one. Their website is now saying that I requested a new loan even though I did not. The website will not display any information as to what fake loan request it is talking about. Very frustrating and seems pretty shady to me. Fraudulent and deceptive practices. Will be seeking further litigation, and ftc involvement."
"I am very disappointed with One Main Financial.  I have been a customer for several years.  Recently, I had to use my disability insurance that I purchased.  My payments were taken care of until August.  However, on June 2nd, a payment was debited from my bank account.  After endless calling, taking paperwork from my bank and being reassured that today the payment would be deposited- surprise- it has not been.  Today makes 2 weeks."
"Had a fantastic experience with Vickie B. in the ******, MD branch.  She made the process quick and effortless."
"Wouldn&rsquo;t pay the disability insurance nor help me get in touch with how to get it paid when I got seriously injured on the job, they instead took me to court and sued me instead of honoring the disability insurance I bought with the loan&hellip;..wouldn&rsquo;t return my calls and in court the lawyers got a summary judgment so I couldn&rsquo;t show them my workers comp paperwork to the courts showing I was off work due to a tramautic brain injury on the job. And make them pay the payments I purchased the insurance for&hellip;.. they don&rsquo;t care about you they just want the money and used crooked tactics to get out of paying the benefits I purchased, they wouldn&rsquo;t even inform me how to go about contacting the third party company to get benefits paid, no return calls&hellip;. They were getting their money one way or the other and they&rsquo;re crooked lawyers found it easier to sue me rather than go after the people responsible for paying the disability injury insurance purchased woth the loan. I ALMOST GOT KILLED ON A JOBSITE, HAVENT BEEN ABOE TO WORK IN ALMOST TWO YEARS AND WHO KICKS A MAN WHILE HES DOWN STRUGGLING TO HEAL WITH NO INCOME????? ONE MAIN FINANCIAL!!! THANKS FOR TAKING THE EXTRA MINEY FROM ME WHEN I BOUGHT THE I JURY AND DISABILITY INSURANCE PROMISING TO MAKE MY PAYMENTS HAD I BECOME HURT, THEN SAYIIBG EHH HE HAS NOTHING LETS SUE HIM INSTEAD MAYBE ILL HAVE FIVE DOLLARS TO MY NAME YOU CAN TRY TO GARNISH SO I CANT EAT EITHER!!! pathetic excuse for human beings!!!!!"
Excellent customer service! Many choices given to schedule payments and each ataff greeted me with utmost respect whenever I came to the office. Every procedure was handled professionally.
The service was A+. The person that helped me took her time to explain the process and guided me through It. Very professional!!
I applied and recieved a call from Tana.  I hope I spelled her name correctly.  She was very helpful.  She was amazing.
I am a repeat customer and my experience this time was just as wonderful as my first service was quick and very professional.
"Roger was great. Very knowledgeable, friendly and efficient. He took the time to explain everything to me."
"Very quick, whole process was smooth. The closing rep was very nice, friendly, and patient with all of my questions. She explained everything in detail, processing was 1 day!"
Great people friendly an easy to work with had my back when I needed it an the lady's in the office were so friendly
Everyone was helpful and knowledgeable. Everyone was friendly. We didn't have any problems.
Very friendly and got the job done! I would recommend to a friend.
Great customer service and Adrianna was amazing and so helpful.
"The Chandler office is my favorite office because they take care of things expeditiously and competently, making the process extremely easy for me!"
Very helpful. Exceeded my expectations!! Friendly service! The woman who directly helped me was very professional &amp; friendly!
Easy quick hospitable reps are very nice 100% recommendation..im gonna do it again next time:)
"Reps very very respectful, helpful and go above and beyond to get you what you need. Would always recommend OneMain financial"
My first specialist name was Amy D. If I&rsquo;m not mistaken I&rsquo;ve taken out two loans  using her she was the best informative didn&rsquo;t harass me knew her stuff I could call and ask question no problem so when I needed another loan I said let me try them again worse decision I ever made in my life this new girl is horrible customer service horrible attitude and all I&rsquo;ve never had a problem paying now it&rsquo;s you set up automatic payments which I did not even got a new card same thing  I call in I pay ahead they charge my card and still try to draft a payment causing a return payment fee I have been tryin to change not only the date but the automatic pay since the first payment made no success it&rsquo;s always issues this will be the last time I use them literally have to call customer service every month for one thing or another i definitely feel scammed this go round especially for not having any issues the first two time this has been more harm then help I&rsquo;ve never been so ready to get something paid off
"Excellent, quick and easy. Very professional, I would recommend it to family and friends!"
Associate was very helpful with application on the phone and it went smoothly
Great easy process friendly environment. Great customer service etiquette as well.
"Fast, courteous, easy, helpful.  Ryan help me through the journey. He was very knowledgeable. I felt very comfortable."
"It was an excellent experience actually it's virtually hassle free. They do have a guy that answer's phone and may be a manager I don't know what to think about that.  Business wise they are strictly buisness when your doing business and freindly in between. Been with them for years now and have been pushing at the ten thousand dollar mark, it speaks for itself."
Stay away from this company unless you want harassed! My payment was due on the 11th and on the 12th I got 3 phone calls that I could not answer because I was WORKING. NEVER again will I get a loan through them!
Easy Quick Hospitable The new office is nice. The reps are very helpful. Thank you.
"The service that I was given was great! The employees were very nice, curious, helpful and very knowledgeable! Great services!!"
What an awesome experience with the staff that made things perfect for this loan. Developing a relationship with the client is so important and they did an amazing job establishing a good relationship.
everything went fine and smooth . Everything was explained to us. TJ was very friendly
"I borrowed $5000 in 2021 and have been paying on it faithfully I now owe over $6000 when I called I was told that the loan I took out was actually carrying an interest rate that would put me at $9000,  this was my 3rd time getting a loan of the same amount and it never came to this amount. and this definately was not explained in the sit down or I would have graciously declined, so consumers beware!!!"
"Quick, easy. My rep was friendly and knowledgeable. Informed me about the auto plus program"
My representative name was Monica. She was very polite and explained my options as well as everything for the loan. She was very communicative and actually called me back when she said she would. I&rsquo;m a first time client and I feel I made the best decision picking them. Thank you for helping me :)
"The experience, overall, it was a good experience. Quick &amp; uncomplicated.
Thomas was helpful, as were the ladies whom Thomas is fortunate to have them. The three seem to be a good team.
Life I didn't need the financial help I wouldn't have asked.
BUT, as now....QUICK BLOWING UP MY PHONE!
I AM GETTING SO MANY EMAILS TRYING TO UPSELL ME I'M JUST BEGINNING TO DELETE THEM. YOU WOULDN'T/SHOULDN'T HAVE GIVEN ME THE MONEY IF I WASN'T DESERVING OF IT. AS LONG AS I MAKE THE PAYMENTS, THEN QUIT BOTHERING ME TRYING TO GET ME TO BUY SOMETHING ELSE...
PLEASE....PLEASE STOP IT!!
GETTING THE MONEY A POSITIVE EXPERIENCED THAT I OWE TO COMPLETELY TO THE DYNAMIC ******&nbsp;STAFF.
NOW IF I CAN please, Please, PLEASE GET FEWER EMAILS, I WILL BE HAPPIER THAN dementia joey WHEN HE GOES A FEW MINUTES NOT FALLING AT THE AIR FORCE COMENCEMENT."
Excellent customer service! I've had 2 positive experiences and look forward to more.
Tonya was a very big help. I definitely appreciate the advice she gave. I eliminated a loan in the process and paying a lower amount.
"Kim was fabulous!!
She made everything easy
Very helpful and put me at ease"
"Here we go again!!! For the second time in (2021 &amp; 2023) years, One Main Financial has proven to me that their business habits are highly shady and border on fraudulent practices. If I could give them zero stars, I would.
Again, they have run my credit without my knowledge, nor my authorization. If one has never been a customer/client of theirs why would you continue to run some ones credit if you were contacted previously about this very issue???
Yet, on 1/20/21 and again on 6-4-23 they have fraudulently pulled my credit report. Coincidentally, I was contacted by the same person located in their *********, MD offices regarding this matter. Make it make sense, please!!!
You would think that after notifying them in Jan. 2021 that they would have flagged, or at least notated their files about this incident. First there was a text message that came thru at 00:29 this morning 6-6-23, then followed by what I assume to be a system generated email at 00:31, followed by another email at 9:46 am, then a phone call at 9:47 am.
I have called back no less than (7) times today only to get the branch managers voicemail each time. I've sent an email to the local branch, and not to mention my wife has called as well. Still no response as of 5:10 pm EST.
For a business that seems so eager to get my business, you would think someone would answer the phone, or respond to an email, right?
For those of you looking for a reputable banking/personal loan institution to help you with your financial needs please note that this clearly this is not one of them! After reading so many of the horrible reviews, they speak for themselves.
Do yourself a favor and bypass this company. Your time, and effort are worth so much more!"
The people were very friendly and very helpful in explaining things
"I have had a few loans through One Main Financial and each one was quick and easy. Highly recommend.
Thanks Again!"
"Hands down life savers, and they make the process super easy and fast! I will always use them when needed."
"Great bunch of folks, helping in every way for all needs"
"The agent that worked with me, Brent, had a few extra things he had to clear up for me before I could get approved for this loan. He went out of his way to clear this up. Thankyou!"
Great service always. Always professional friendly and kind. I really do appreciate the help.
Jeff was very kind and made the process easy. I am so thankful.
these people were beyond awesome and helpful. I appreciated all of their kindness.
"The service was good, everyone was very helpful and very knowledgeable."
"I refinanced a personal loan with them and overall process was pretty fast, minor some initial delays for miscommunication. The actual signing process was very efficient and the staff that personally assisted were very professional."
The staff was wonderful! He thoroughly explained everything that I needed to know.
"Fast response and very helpful, thank you. Will be back for more business."
"Professional, friendly and greeted as I arrived. Wait for an assistant was quick."
Excellent Service! Did all in one day! More like maybe the most 2 hours. I really appreciated. Thanks so much !
They will literally call you the day you are due and twice a day every day after until your payments are made. There's a 8 day grace period but there is no point in it because you will be harassed daily until the payment is made. It would be understandable if you were extremely behind but literally it starts on your due date!
"Stay away,  they will run you around unmercifully requesting all types of ridiculous documentation."
"After four ""local"" branches, all either are not on the same page and don't disclose all criteria on process for an individual on taking out a loan let alone the means of being ABLE to having a co-signer. Utterly frustrating. Having to go back and forth day in an day out every day a ""loan specialist"" asking for different documents; why not just ask and COMMUNICATE all criteria and documents NEEDED the first day of initial meet. Very distasteful of the way and process OneMain Financial does to accept ""customers."" Or does this have to do with the mere loss of 20milion lawsuit? I have never have such a struggling treatment when it comes to borrowing a loan."
They are always amazing to work with and make the process so easy!
One Main Financial told me congratulations &amp; that I was approved with three options available to me &amp; then turn around and tell me I need a consigner... what the hell they congratulate me for. Not only that I make above what I wanted to borrow. Then when I was speaking to tiffany to even fill alot the application at first she hangs up the ***&nbsp;phone. Freaking scam after collecting all my information....
"The application process was fast and effective. My loan officer, Ms. Brenda ****, was professional and helpful. I highly recommend it!"
"Overall it was a pleasant, speedy process from start to finish. Staff was great."
"Everything went really smooth fast. We appreciate the help We need it this loan to take our children on a wonderful vacation. We appreciate the help and how professional, helpful, friendly and kind. We were treted, great.  Once again you guys are great have a blessed day!!!!  THANKS THE S*****"
"Robin is kind, she greeted me with a big smile very knowledgeable. She put me at ease."
"Very professional &amp; friendly  and can help you with a loan in a very responsible time frame. Very nice atmosphere and they go above &amp;
Beyond to give you the best expo possible"
Don&rsquo;t remember the name of the lady out of the O P office she was great come on her day off to take care of us we would use her again thank for you help
We were very impressed with the professionalism of our loan officers at our branch. They went above and beyond to help us . Very kind and friendly.
"Amanda in the *******&nbsp;office was pure perfection. She is extremely knowledgeable, personable, intelligent, professional  &amp; Very helpful. Please give her a well deserved raise!"
"We had a great experience with Misty! She was great to work with, easy funding, and they were able to get our payment what we wanted it to be. 10/10 recommend."
One main financial is easy to deal with to get what you need.   They have great people to help you.
"Excellent,  no hassle.... money in the bank next day! Great staff"
"Danielle was very professional, courteous, understanding and caring. She made Rowell and I feel comfortable."
Great staff and great service. Took care of all my needs and any questions I had.
Love the financial agent &hellip; he worked with me; was patient &hellip;; was willing to work within my parameters &hellip; he was great!
Everyone was extremely helpful and had a wonderful attitude! They made the whole experience as painless as possible!
I thank Mike ******&nbsp;Branch save the day when it counted.
Daphne was a tremendous help went step by step through the process with me and was very sweet!!Amazing customer service!!
"The *********&nbsp;branch are always friendly, helpful and excellent people to work with. They are willing to always work with you."
Very helpful with my need and my loan and the terms of my repayment needs.
Very easy process. The staff there was fabulous and very attentive to my needs. I will definitely use them again and again.
Dislike the company asked for my name to be fixed since my name on my registration was wrong so every year was an issue they never complied and fixed it. They added all these extras to my loan in case something happened to me to make sure they got their money causing me to pay so much more for years and more in interest. They are so unprofessional. My last payment online said I owe 237.92 and they were charging me 242.32 and are saying there is more interest that I am being charged thats why there is a difference between what i see online and what i really owe so when is this interest ever going to end when I'm in the grave? That seems like some shady ****.
"The most unprofessional people I have ever encountered. The ********&nbsp;branch are extremely rude but worse of all completely incompetent. Could not answer any of my questions. Would request documents, recieve them then ask for more without any explanation. Did this 3 times. I applied for a loan on Tuesday morning 5.23.23 and did not receive a response until just now 5.26.23. Lady said she would call me back the next day. When it reached the afternoon I still didn't get a call back, called them and they told me she left apparently 4 hours early again without any explanation. Then waits 2 days before calling me back. I went and got the loan from somewhere else any way, I prefer to do business with people who actually care about customer service. This branch should either be completely closed or rehire new staff. DO NOT DEAL WITH WESTBURY BRANCH."
"Jessica, was pleasant, professional, and very expeditious. She exceeded my expectations."
Loan process was a little tedious with over the sharing screen process. But ok. Need better explanations of add on benefits. Overall process took two days which was good.
"Easy to apply, fast funding, and a shout out to the *******, CA branch for providing excellent customer service!"
"It was the right choice for me. The extras added on are great values.
It's great."
Plain and simple courtesy. Your employee was wonderful from beginning to end.
Very good communication and quick process. I would recommend it to anyone working with Erica
"Great customer service skills
Excellent services all round.
Agent Micheal"
What a pleasure to work with some wonderful people.  The loan process was simple and we were kept apprised every step of the way. Our rep was courteous and very helpful. FIVE STARS Y'ALL
I think One Main Financial did a great job with my loan. The customer service was excellent and the representative was very knowledgeable and thorough with the whole process
"Faith was very helpful at the ********, Ms office. I would recommend her to anyone needing a loan. All the ladies that work there are very nice."
I have done business with One Main a few times and they always make things easy. Everything is throughly explained and there are no surprises.
"The process was simple and my interest wasn't as bad as some at 18% but what they do not tell you is that if they are paying off your loan to hold the title and transfer the balance to their company you are not getting a refinance loan. you are in fact not getting an auto loan at all. it reports on the credit as ""other"" or ""secured loan"" doing this makes it almost impossible to ACTUALLY refinance somewhere as most banks only refinance auto loans. They should not be saying words like ""refinance"" or ""auto loan"" this should be very very illegal"
"The One Main representative who help us was friendly and had a great customer service attitude, thank you."
The person who assisted me was so helpful and patient. I love your new process where I was able to sign and complete the loan process from the comfort of my home. This experience was so wonderful. The interest rate is a bit high but I was aware of this prior to signing the loan documents. Thank you
"This is my second time using One Main. Super easy transaction, awesome people to work with! Highly recommend"
"Fast, Easy and friendly people.  Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a loan."
"First time experience. Very thorough and knowledgeable rep.
Friendly courteous and professional staff"
John was very professional and helped me fully understand my loan terms and options. Definitely using them again if I am ever in need.
"Total SCAM!  Branch #**** in ******, TX pulled my credit TWICE only to deny my application!  I submitted tax returns, paystubs and identification.  Initial loan application was 4/22/23.  I was told by a rep AND it stated on the website that applicants have 30 days from time of submission for the branch to process a loan for final decision.  My application was closed on 5/18/22&hellip;one day after I spoke to an in store rep about the additional paystub she wanted (5/17/23).  The rep assured me that she would process the loan the next day given I uploaded what she asked for.  I uploaded what was requested minutes after ending our convo.  She promised a call back the following day&hellip;no call back.  Then 5/19/23 when I call to check the status of the application, I am informed that they closed it and I would need to reapply to move forward.  I was then told they could remove the second inquiry should I choose to apply again!  I was told they did not have access to my original application&hellip;but that they stored all of my documents in their &ldquo;database&rdquo; so I didn&rsquo;t need to upload them again.  After all of this trouble, a preapproval based off of tax documents and all but ONE paystub, and TWO hard credit inquiries&hellip;I was DENIED!  How can you give me a preapproval for a secured loan of 19k&hellip;then turn around and deny me?  Sounds to me like all they wanted was my personal and very sensitive information.  Now I have to walk inside of the branch with a letter stating I contest the last hard inquiry just to have it removed.  I asked them to permanently expung my electronic data from their systems and the acting branch manager (Nicole from branch #****) basically told me it will be deleted once they process the denial letter. I then asked for proof that my information will be deleted from their systems indefinitely and she said the denial letter will be proof.  This is a complete mess and leaves me very unsettled! Their lending practices are predatory, high risk, and borderline discriminatory."
"Do NOT use this company! I purchased a vehicle through using a loan provided from them. The car was totaled and the insurance company paid off in full early. The terms and conditions of the load stated if it was paid in full prior to loan date I would receive at least half of the finance charges back which were a total of $11,000. Tried to contact someone regarding this sp that I could use that money to purchase another vehicle and was spoken to very rudely and told me that that was not written in my contract even though I was looking right at the contract on the phone with the woman! Will never use them again"
"DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!! I truly wish I could rate it zero stars. I applied for a loan with them and got approved once I got contacted by them they randomly dropped the ball on me saying they could only approve me if I put my vehicles title up for a title loan which is nothing of what I applied for and got approved for. I really needed the money as my car was In the shop and needed to get it out so I ended up putting my cars title up. When I spoke with a gentleman named Otto he asked me if I wanted my loan covered with insurances he went over them one by one I said yes to every single loan insurance offered. On 5/11/23 I get rear ended which pushed my vehicle into the car in front of me. File a claim with geico and my car is now deemed a total loss unfortunately. This is my only car and the only car I can afford. When I called OneMain to tell them of the accident they advised me I did not take the GAP Insurance. I tell them that I advised Otto I wanted all the Insurances when he offered them to me. OneMain precedes to tell me that I don&rsquo;t have GAP insurance but I have unemployment Insurance, injury and life insurance on the loan but no gap insurance. They tell me there is nothing I can do and basically I&rsquo;m screwed. I keep arguing with them that I wanted the gap insurance and I told the loan officer I wanted gap insurance. They still said they couldn&rsquo;t do anything for me. Now geico values my car at $6600 which I get nothing of that money to get a new car and I still have to pay the rest of the money owed to the loan because they failed to follow my directions when I told them I wanted gap Insurance on the loan. Now tell me who in their right mind would  be so cautious to get all other Insurances but opt out of the gap insurance on the loan? It does not make sense to me!!!! They screwed me over and showed zero remorse. Now I&rsquo;m carless have no way to get to work which is far from home and no way to see my child who lives 2 hours away from me. DO NOT TRUST THEM!!!!"
"DONT go here
You are better off using your credit card or getting a loan from someone else the interest is close to 50%
I could not pay this loan, and I contacted them because it was my fourth loan with them. I asked them to take a settlement. They agreed. I gave them a check by phone ask them for a release and an agreement they said they would send it and then send the main papers out in about three days I never received even the settlement agreement. They have blocked my phone calls and my email.
This is the worst thing you can do to yourself is to take out along with this company!!!"
This is my 3rd loan with one main and every time has been a good experience
"On or around 4/9/23, we had walked into the ******** office to possibly. take a loan against my 2002 Cadillac.Eldorado. Needless to say, I decided against doing it and asked them to shred all the paperwork and they told me they would and we left. I then sold the car to an individual who then took the title to have it plated etc.... only to find out that their was a lein placed on my car I had sold to him by One Main Financial!!!! I never did any kind of business with these people and they placed a lein on my car????? PEOPLE BE AWARE IF YOU BACK OUT OF DOING ANY BUSINESS WITH THEM THEY WILL PLACE A LEIN ON YOUR CAR OR THINGS WITHOUT NOTIFING YOU!!!!  I feel that they have broken some sort of law by doing this!!!!!"
"I was trying to get a loan.  I get interest monthly from an irrevocable trust fund that was created by my parents who are dead.  The trust fund is not in my name and I have no access to the principal.  They wanted the original court documents from the creation of the trust which I do not have.  They rejected my loan because of it.  If I had access to the principal, why would I be asking for a very high-interest-rate loan from them?  I will never do business with them again.
Gerry ******"
The two lady reps...Diana and Ana...at the Downtown **** *****&nbsp;office were very helpful and professional...they assisted me with the refi of my active loan I had with OneMainFinancial and were able to give me decent terms for the uncollateralized refi loan I got to replace it with.   I hope indeed to pay off this loan according to the terms and conditions of the refinanced loan and thereby improve my credit score and continue with the good credit rating I hope to keep.  My thanks to OneMainFinancial for them alone of all the lenders out there was the lender that has taken a chance on me and extended the loan to me that will tend to my needs at this time.   Thank you!!!
David was very professional and assisted me throughout the loan process.   Very helpful and very knowledgeable of the entire loan process.  I am completely satisfied.   Thank you again David
Super great to work with! I recommend them to everyone who has any surprise expenses. I'm happy they exist!
The interest this company charges is asinine! The amount of money we have paid in interest in the 3 years of our 5 year loan would have paid off our loan and then some! And yet the principal had barely been touched even with almost $500 a month payments.This should be considered theft! Please beware!! If you're able then PLEASE go thru your bank or credit union! This company should be ashamed of itself!
I appreciate the customer service and the professionalism and mere willingness to help with the many different options that One Main offers to meet the needs of customers like myself financially.
Spencer was very nice an very helpful.  It was nice during this stressful time.  Will consider using again in the need arises.
I can honestly say that Kelly and her team at this location have definitely been there for us when we needed them without putting us in a further financial strain. I would highly recommend this company and especially the hwy 90 location in ******.
I was so surprised and pleased with the service I received with my loan Dawn was so attentive and professional in helping me get funds to repair my two vehicles We also did some consolidation
We put in for a loan they called us and said that they can approve us at this amount we said okay whatever. We sent them all of our information paycheck stub all of that information floating around now check stub. And then we don't hear nothing else from them. And you wonder why there's so many people getting their identity stolen. Will never use these people again.
"Very friendly and professional. As advertised, this was an easy and convenient experience."
"The agent was great, only complaint is the interest rate and amount of the monthly payment."
"The staff is fantastic and will help you every step of the way.  Would give 10 stars if I could.  Do not hesitate to call if you are in need of assistance.  Also, a big thank you to Matt for all your help and explanations!"
"The people in the ******&nbsp;office are all very friendly and helpful.  They always give me ALL the information needed and answer any questions I may have.  I am thankful there is a place to go when a person needs money, and the staff does not treat you like you are beneath them.  I have always been treated with respect and friendliness from any one I spoke with in the ****** office.  I appreciate that."
"VERY VERY VERY POLITE , RESPECTFUL,HELPFUL AND MAKES THE VISIT EASY.
THANK YOU LADIES
KEN L."
"One main is a great company to deal with. The entire staff is very friendly and courteous. Instant approval, money was in my bank less than 12 hours. Will deal with them again."
"Very good customer services, the staff was very professional and new all the loan agreements."
"The customer service was top notch, i was well attended to and given necessary guideline."
The loan process was quick and easy! The office was neat and clean and my loan officer was very knowledgeable and treated me as a valuable person!
Gracie was awesome! Made the process easy and got the approval.
"Mike was amazing and very helpful. He was very personable and easy to talk to. He explained everything and helped me make some good decisions, I think."
"One Main Finacial Helped me purchase my home, But their payment system is so screwed up! I got charged 5 times for my monthly payment in May , so now i dont have a dime to my name to pay my other bill! Had no help over the phone Totally worthless. I have never been late paying my bills. Was told that i had to wait ten days for any kind of a refund. I suggest you stay away from this rotten lender! Tamara *******"
Customer service not professional at all rude very very rude
Matt in the ******&nbsp;office did an excellent job explaining everything and answering all my questions. I will return in the future if I have any more needs.
"My representative was amazing , very helpful, and respectful.. she answered all my question since this and again she was awesome.. thank you ."
"Paying my monthly payment on  One Main web suite click link on 7/13/2022  to see if qualified for any other offers. Received a call later that day 7/13/2022 from *********&nbsp;* ***** who informed me
she would see what my be available to me and call back. 7/14/2022 Karla * *********&nbsp;call with 4
offers - All included consolidation of the 2 open loans from no added cash to $2000+.
I told her I would look the offers  over and call back with my choice. Called the evening of 7/14/2022 with the offer I selected and an appointment was made to come in the morning of
7/15/2022 to sign the paper work. Arrived on 7/15/2022 when Karla * *********&nbsp;came out of the back office look at me stopped on the other side of the room and I was told those offers weren't
available to me. I was sent to a back room where I sat for 50 minutes. Came out of the back room to leave got 4 blocks away and she called and said they finished the offer for me.
When I went back for the signing Karla * *********&nbsp;gives me the mouse but she uses the key board to advance to all the signing pages. I asked what are all the pages your passing she backed up 3 pages to show there was nothing important on  them. The signing took 10 minutes?  There was no consolidation of the two loans which would have saved me $300 a month and the cash payment would have helped. Instead I still had 2 loans 1 higher with payments in the middle of the month. I said people that are retired don't get paid in middle of the month I was told I couldn't get that changed. The offers came from One Main they are taking back because of what I looked like. Someone asked maybe it was your age RETIRED INCOME only thing left is my race and she's lying to Julia in the Executive Office of Customer."
Everyone were so welcoming and professional but personable as well.  The loan process was quick and payments and interest were much lower than expected.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for a fresh start and credit boost.
The staff was very friendly and Lucy was especially helpful in acquiring the loan I needed. I would highly recommend OneMain Financial for all loans.
Great job..right from the start! Tyler did a super job...thank you
"would have been a 5 but i was only getting a loan for $4,000 and there was more paper than getting a $200,000 mortgage,"
"Could of been better. I told my brother this was the last time, I pray to God!"
"Great service without alot of hassle.You get your money in a couple of hours.
I wind up being approved  for more than I asked!"
Alec was very personable and professional. He made everything easy.
"Everything went very smoothly and the people was very kind and considerate ??
We highly recommend
OneMain Financial Group for all your financial needs."
"My experience was very cordial, professional, informative and expeditious. I highly recommend them"
"Shajuana was very friendly, knowledgeable,  efficient and accommodating.  The process went smoothly."
"Ms. G***** was so helpful and the way she explained my loan with all the details was great!
The process was easier than I expected and so clear. Thank you for giving me a chance to start over OneMain Financial."
Very well. Met my needs and swiftly. My representative was very professional and compassionate.
"Great staff, did an excellent job. I like to thank OneMain for the loan."
One Main is the BEST.  They listen to your needs and help in every way possible. They make you a part of their family. I tell everyone if they need a loan to go to One Main.  They are truly AMAZINGLY AWESOME !!! If I could give them 10 stars I would.
Supper fast great experience very friendly every thing went smooth and fast
Valerie E. was very pleasant and knowledgeable. I thank her and One Main Financial for approving the loan for me.
My representative was awesome. Very helpful. Very thorough on explaining everything. A+++++
Submitted all my information and what I would like to borrow and got immediate response from an agent. The agent walked me through everything and explained as we went they were very professional. It was a fast and easy process.
Ben was very helpful and we thank Ben and OneMain Financial for approving us for a loan.
I've used one main for 5 or 6 years now Tina was very helpful she got me what I needed the very next day I signed a contract and it was perfect
Connie was so nice and helpful! She was an absolute joy to work with. The process was much easier than I expected. Had my money within an hour after completing. Thank you Connie and OneMain Financial. You were there when I needed help with an unexpected medical expense. I highly recommend
I have done business with omf for the pass years and the xame through for me i would highly recommend omf to any of my friends
"I was loan 19.600 I am seeing the credit bearux has the amount as 20.400 I can&rsquo;t understand why another problem my loan payment is 474.00 I am hearing my first payment is 630.00 why this is robbery the first time I had took a loan it was 20.000 and the payment was 20.400 now I get less and I am seeing more money is added to my payments, I would never do any more business with this company  again this is plain thief
Roy"
"The process was easy. After having a loan for a few months I got an email saying to fill out to see my rates on an increased amount and that it would NOT be a hard pull on my credit.  I called to let One Main Financial know what happened.  They told me to fill out a firm and wait. I finally found out from calling them that they denied my request to remove it from my credit report and they only do so if fraudulent.  I told them from the beginning it was me, why not tell me then that you won't do anything to help your customers,  unless fraudulent. You cannot always believe what one employee says, or a company email,  they might be wrong and the customer bears the blunt of the results."
I have used OneMain before and never had a problem. This time was no different. The agent I worked with was so nice and helpful.
Britney was amazing and very informative. Made the process very easy and explained things very well.
"Jayme was great! Very professional, accommodating, and a pleasure to work with.  She made the process very easy.  Thank you so much."
IT WAS A VERY GOOD EXPERIAN MAKIN BUSSENES WITH ONE MAIN.I LIKE VERY MUCH.THE PERSON THAT TOOK CARE OF ME WAS VERY GOOD .SO ISAY THANK TO HER FOR THE WAY SHE TREATED ME ...THNK YOU ...MERCEDES........
Excellent service and very professional service.  Didn't have to wait long to be waited on.
"I took a loan for the amount of $3500. I paid $2000 back with one month and didn&rsquo;t owe for a year. Beginning of this year I faced a financial hardship, in which I was not able to resume payments but spoke with customer service agents to rectify. Despite speaking with them I began to receive up to four calls daily from various branches, as well as texts and mail. They also reached out to my parents despite me speaking with them. My parents were not co-signers or listed as contacts on this loan. Moreover, I resumed working and was able to make a $134 payment. I was promised that the calls would stop but the very next day they resumed up to four times a day and continue. I will never borrow from here again."
"We have had the pleasure of using One Main a few times over the past few years and they are always professional and courteous.  Our contact was a lovely lady named Monica who had the patience to help us sign our paperwork over the internet.  She was most knowledgeable and could explain things in more than one way.   We have recommended One Main to several friends and family and will continue to look forward to the professionalism of One Main
Anonymous"
Great customer service and everything was made easy. I will definitely recommend to friends and family.
"Needed some emergency home repairs and our Mortgage would not approve us for a loan, but One Maine was able to help us and fast!"
"JEAN IN **** *********&nbsp;AND ONE
MAIN PROVIDED QUICK
LOAN SO I COULD HELP
WITH MEDICAL BILLS TO
PREVENT LOOSING A JOB!
THANKS AGAIN!
WILL KEEP YOU IN FRONT FOR MY NEXT
LOAN WHEN I NEED IT!
PS I LIKE USING A VEHICLE FOR COLLATERAL, CONVENIENT!
OUTSTANDING COMPANY!
AL
**** **** ***** ********** ** *****"
Very fast and easy! Easy to work with and time saving.
Very nice and professional office. Went in for debt consolidation. Was approved instantly online. Overall I had a great experience
Surprisingly it went great I received what i need and the whole process gent very smooth and fast. Sharon at the ************ location was just great.
"OMF approved loan for $4,900.  Asks for documents and then decided not to proceed with loan application/ approval.  OMF prefers secure loans and liens on vehicle, boat, real property.  Even if you have any of those items/ clean title they still may not give you loan. At 35%APR ....you can't trust that type of business."
Make my payment every month.  And yet 10 am on due date they start calling for payment . Leave nasty voicemails. And will hound you to death. Never not once fell behind. But yet I get treated like crap. Horrible people to deal with. And a 2 tho loan will cost 5 when done. Stay away from this company! Horrible everything!
I have done business thru the years. I always have the pleasure of doing business with Brian **********. He's very knowledgeable. He's very kind and polite. He makes your experience a very positive one. And for that I am grateful.
Sent a pre approved email. Was given the run around for 2 days . I kept getting requests for new paper work which I provided. Then they wanted paperwork they know I cannot get but also never needed for a loan before.  On the first day they forget to put me on hold and I can here them being told just to call me back later. Then suddenly put on hold Then was told they had meetings coming up lol. Never got approved.  Got a ding on my credit and when I asked about the putting me on hold situation. They then seemed to enjoy the fact they could deny my loan.  This hurts people's credit scores please stop doing this to people!!!
This place is a joke. I pay every month on time without fail and it seems like I'm not even paying the loan down. I pay over $300 a month and at times out of that money they will only put anywhere from $.09-$5 on the principle and use the rest for interest. Only recently did they put $60 on principle. It seems like a scam to me and that I will never get this paid off by the maturity date. They ask me all the time if I want more money and the answer is no. I'm sick of them. In a year it only looks like I paid $100 of the entire loan. I pay $378.49 a month. Something doesn't seem right.
"NEVER USE THIS COMPANY. THEY ARE A BUNCH OF LIARS. I PAID FOR MY CAR ON 11/23/2021. I HAVE STILL NOT RECEIVED MY TITLE. YOU WOULD THINK THE DMV WOULD HAVE THIS, WHICH THEY LIED AND SAID THEY DID. AGAIN I MENTION THEY LIED, JUST GOT OFF WITH SC DMV AND THEY INFORMED ME FROM THEIR RECORDS THEY CAN SEE ONEMAIN PRINTED MY TITLE IN-HOUSE ON 4/19/2019. SO WHERE IS MY TITLE? WHEN I TELL YOU NOT TO TRUST A SINGLE PERSON HERE I MEAN IT. OR ANY OTHER BRANCH. BUT NATALEE ********&nbsp;AND JENNA WHO I HAD WORKED WITH ARE LIARS WHO WORK FOR A COMPANY OF LIARS. THIS WILL NOT BE MY LAST POST UNTIL I RECEIVE MY TITLE YOU **** THIEVES."
"The agent was great.  She made the whole process go smoothly, answered all questions, was like dealing with a friend."
The staff are very professional. They take good care of you.
I tried a few different places to get help with a  loan and was turned down every time. OneMain financial took a chance on me and I and grateful. The whole process was quick and easy.
Kimberly was awesome. Answered all of my questions and thoroughly explained everything. I appreciate her checking on me during the process of gathering the documents that I needed. She&rsquo;d call and check on me and seemed to actually care.
The associate was very nice and helpful. Thorough and prompt. Quick and easy too.
"I was very pleased with the help I received, and use share your company with family and friends."
Great experience. Polite people and they make the entire process easy
Awesome experience. They were super helpful and nice. Would definitely recommend.
They were awesome I really enjoyed the staff.they were very knowledgeable
"I did business with Stephanie at the *********, Georgia location. She processed my loan increase fairly quick and easy. I really appreciated her knowledge and expertise. She completely facilitated a successful transaction. Extremely satisfied!"
"I got things in the mail from this company prequalification for up to 12,000 it said unsecured loan or secured. I chose to have an unsecured loan for half the amount they pulled my credit without telling me they said it would be a softball put in a hard pool after finding out that they wanted all this other information. I told him to forget it they wanted the title to the car, full insurance everything on me bank account, which is bogus to me because it was false advertising now I talk to them And they really killed me said well you know why you filed for it I didn&rsquo;t want the loan I told him forget it. I want them to fix my credit because this is the second time this is happened to me with a company like this I want to put a mark against them. I want my credit fixed right away. It took about 12 points away and I got good credit. My scores are good. Please help me or get rid of this company or I will make More  accusations on them. They are not aware of the company to belong to or to get a loan from sincerely Steven *******."
Excellent experience.  I'm very satisfied.  The Agent was very helpful.  I would recommend this company to everyone.
Leslie was AWESOME!! I won't ever forget how she went above and beyond to help me. Thank you so much!!!
"I just LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the *******&nbsp;Maryland One Main Financial staff. They are courteous, and  very helpful. Thank you for such a pleasant experience One Main Financial! ?"
I thought Meghan was awesome I was in and out in about 20 minutes. Painless
Its always a pleasure with the staff their. The staff always call to check to make sure I need anything. The customer service is always excellent. I will refer all my friends and family if they ever need to take out loans. Keep up the good work.
"Wanda, of  ******* was soo helpful and understanding. The approval through the closing was very easy and understanding. She was also prompt! I would recommend highly to all debt consolidators!"
Rosie was extremely helpful in guiding me throughout the process. She made me aware of the options that were available to me. The main thing was that she was very patient in working with my schedule.
"The loan process was easy, fast and an overall pleasant experience. The staff couldn&rsquo;t have been more friendly. Especially Terri!!!"
I had a great experience. And I appreciate the support and help. It came when I really needed it.
She was very polite and knowledgeable about the business thanks
"I took a secured personal loan out at the ***** *******, GA branch on *********&nbsp;Road and wish I had gone to another location with better customer service.  I have had issues here since signing the contract, but what happened today was so unprofessional and a waste of my time.
Last month, I called to see if I could get more money since I didn't accept the full amount they offered me at the time I took the loan out.  I was told there is no equity built up and no money available.
Last week, while applying for other loans, a third-party loan service sent my application to OMF and I got a call from one of the employees on 4/14 at that same branch offering a loan.  I explained that I already have a loan and was denied additional funds, but the employee insisted they could submit the loan for refinancing to the underwriters.  She said that she would call me back with an answer that day.  She did not call back. I called to follow up on 4/19 and 4/20 and no one answered, so I called the branch in *******&nbsp;for assistance. I was told that either someone from their branch or the ***** *******&nbsp;branch would call me back about the status of the refinance request.
Later on 4/20, the person I spoke with on Friday called and said I was approved for $3100 instead of the $5000 I applied for.  We set up an appointment for me to go into the branch today  (4/21) at 2 pm to close on the loan.  I was in the area early and went in, but unbeknownst to me, the loan had actually not been approved.  The employee and the manager sent the request for the loan to underwriting while I waited, without telling me what was going on. The employee took pictures of my car and the odometer, so I thought all that needed to be done was signing.  A call came in and I then heard the manager speaking about the loan being denied.  I asked why they had me come in, the answer was the loan looked like ""a good deal"" and like it would be approved.  I'm livid!  I made arrangements thinking I was getting the loan!!!"
"Very professional staff, easy process, explained everything in detail. Really helped out when I was in a bind!!"
Service was great! The lady i talked to was very helpful and easy to talk to. All and all i was very happy with their services.
"Starting from beginning of loan process, I felt misled into what the loan offer was. All representatives that I worked with were not clear on the terms presented up front on the loan. I clarified the non-secured loan terms several times with multiple reps. Only offered much higher interest loan for much longer term in the end. Don't let them waste your time. Their system was down multiple times throughout the loan process, or they made me wait hours to discuss with one agent. A lost cause in the end and not even any apology."
Working with One Main helps life go a little easier. Their experts know what they're talking about and what they're doing. I recommend One Main to any and everyone who finds themselves in a tight spot and needs realistic help to work their way out of it. Thanks One Main!
Ran my credit twice due to an error.  They said running the second time would not affect my credit and claimed to have read me a script before the second time.  This is not true.  They victimized my credit with wholesale deception.  Corporate decided to believe the branch manager over me (I have proof). Told me they are not credit experts. They tried blaming me for believing the false statements of one of their representatives.  Do not do business with them.
They won&rsquo;t give me a loan because I don&rsquo;t own a car.  Ridiculous.  Not everyone drives.   I never heard of this.  Bad company to deal with.  First they said I was approved and then they said I was not because I did not own a car.  The person I spoke couldn&rsquo;t wait her me off the phone.  Poor customer service.
My experience was absolutely perfect. The entire process was quick and easy and the people there are always extremely friendly and helpful
"A special thank you to Barbara from the ******* ****&nbsp;office, she is the best! Very professional and fast processing loan application and is great at following up, details provided, and so nice about the loan process."
Professional and courteous. Knowledgeable and informative. One Main Financial says it all in the name!!
"Everyone was very laid back, and professional at the same time. I highly suggest working with them. They made everything very easy and got straight to business. Connor was absolutely wonderful to work with, very knowledgeable, and definitely knows how to get to know the people/customers he's working with. The rest of the office is also very good. They were quick at responding and helping out any way they could."
"Nessa **** was awesome helping me with my loan just very kind and knowledgeable made me feel at ease and comfortable through the whole process. Joe the manager and he's team in this ********&nbsp;FL office has been so wonderful to me through the years I have been with them and anytime I had any problems they were there to help me with anything and take care of me. Thank you so much One main
Thanks Robert"
It wonderful experience and good job working with me on the loan.
It good that they want you to E Mail them to make sure they no who you are
OMF is not any different than other loans that offers you money and have to pay it back quadruple the amount out of the $360 a month payment 10 cents goes into the principal balance. I borrowed 8000.00 and they have my car title. Although the customer service is above average and friendly you will be paying the loan off no earlier than 5 years
Everyone was wonderful. My loan officer knew just what I needed &amp; really went above  &amp; beyond to get me the loan to pay off credit cards. I am forever indebted to her.
You have a nice easy process for renewing my loan.
"Great service and response, I could not ask for anything more!!!"
Very professional and helpful the process was quick  they helped me get the amount i needed and the monthly payment is very affordable also offering good insurance on my loan as well so thank you one main financial you guys really helped me
JoAnna at the ***** location was absolutely amazing!! She helped me out and made sure my questions were all answered
"Stephanie was Friendly and explained details, listening to my questions."
"For me the loan process was painless and concise. The agent was very informative and polite, within a few short hours after applying the funds were in the bank account. The APR was reasonable. I am well pleased."
It was an wonderful experience the customer service was wonderful
Friendly easy to work with and informative clean environment knowledgeable employees
I just felt like I was at home  joked talked etc &hellip;
Customer service is always great. She did not get aggravated or impatient with me asking her about loan and payment options
Excellent experience all online... I applied for a second loan and with a better rate..  Great customer service...
"They are very helpful, pleasant, and a great lace to do business!"
"Employees always friendly and helpful
They always treat you like your somebody, with respect.
M
They make the loan process so easy"
"Horrible company trapped in very bad secured loan,with a 17 year old truck! Pay each month and nothing comes off balance!!! They need to be investigated by the government,as a predatory lender! Got to pay off some how and how they are considered a good lender is mind blowing! Stay away from them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
they are the best I would strongly recommend them to anybody!!
Barbara in her associate did great job with redoing my loan. It was a pleasure going in there. I was laughing the whole time and having a great time. Thank you for a great experience.
"professional and courteous, with good explanations and a decent process.
the downside was the bank deposit using a card wasn't working so I had to wait for a e-check to deposit into my banking account.
I think more should be done online"
I complained about the way they handled my daughter&rsquo;s account where I was the co-signer &amp; they didn&rsquo;t notify me when payments were late as well as delays in obtaining the payoff information. Since then I get advertisements almost Every day from them! I didn&rsquo;t (wouldn&rsquo;t) solicit this company for ANYTHING and even after having to provide my personal information to opt out (twice now) for something I didn&rsquo;t opt in for in the first place I&rsquo;m Still getting unsolicited advertisements &amp; letters that I am prequalified. It&rsquo;s nice to see so many positive experiences others have had But I&rsquo;m sorry I ever even heard of this company. How can you move on when they pop up in the regular?
Great Service Good People But PA\ay more in interest than the loan. Buy but they will do work with persons l=that have had bankruptcies bad bad credit. Try an Uto loan here before a Buy Here PAy Here  Place AS WELL
"No fuss No muss, OneMain knows its business and performs it well.  I am on a second loan with them."
Excellent experience at the ******** *****&nbsp;office with Natasha and Brandon! I highly recommend them!!!
"Your service is very professional and easy to access, Your staff in the South ********&nbsp;office is very courteous and pleasant to work with, I will recommend you to anyone asking."
"One Main is a great company.  The associates are friendly,  caring, and knowledgeable.  They make you feel very comfortable"
"My experience with this company was wonderful.  They were quick to respond, very kind and informed and I was able to do everything from the comfort of my home.  They suggested a debt consolidation loan rather than the smaller loan I had intended but it was a wise move I hadn't thought to look for.  But by doing this I am eliminating other debts with higher interest, which is amazing.  I truly appreciate the young woman I dealt with, and this company.  Would recommend them to anyone."
"Absolutely awful. Needed cash so took a small loan out, only to find out that the balance of the borrowed amount had accrued 40% of the amount borrowed before even it was time to make my first payment. This place is a scam which preys of the financially vulnerable and puts them into a worse position than they were before. Luckily I was able to pay off the balance immediately before it accrued any more interest."
Friendly  and helpful employees . The right loan at the right time. Fit right in with my life
I would give 0 stars if i could. They have so many hidden fees and costs. They will charge your account multiple times leading to NSF fees on a bank. They would take almost a week to pull payments from my account. Then they would charge me on their end as well as my bank for each time it was declined. I pulled out a 5k loan from them and ended up paying well over 10k with interest and fees. I DO NOT RECOMMEND. THEY TAKE ADVANTAGE OF YOUNG PEOPLE ATTEMPTING TO ESTABLISH CREDIT. I have multiple loans and i do not have any issues with any other lender. One Main caused me financial hardship for almost 5 years. I WILL NEVER USE THEM AGAIN.
"Regina and the staff at the **** ***** **&nbsp;location in ******, New York was wonderful!  My debt consolidation loan went off without a hitch and the funds were available within one hour after my remote closing.  I definitely recommend OneMain Financial Group, LLC for your funding needs.
K.*********"
I&rsquo;ve been very happy with the speed and efficiency that One Main has provided. They are accessible to answer questions and are always professional.
Awesome service Cathy is great with helping out to find the best solution
Customer service was wonderful. They were very friendly and helpful with any questions I had and explained everything to where you could understand.
Very helpful and courteous agents. Great service and I highly recommend them!
I was impressed with the personal service I received. I felt the team was concerned about me and really appreciated my business
The Manager and Rep were very professional and helpful. Thanks
"great service,  receptionists did an awesome  job, would absolutely  recommend"
the OneMain Financial representative who handled my loan was so accommodating with regard to my questions. It was a hassle-free transaction and the money was released the next day after I have deposited the check at my local bank.
"I've been a customer of Onemain for many years. I need to renew the loan, and in less than 1 hour all was accomplished with a very friendly staff. But that's what I've to expect from the local branch."
"The refi of my existing loan was very professional and expedient. Thanks so much.
JVC"
Always makes the process easy and never judges a persons situation
"True professionals, awesome experience.  They provide great custome service. Jasmine was amazing."
"Representative was pleasant, friendly and very comfortable atmosphere to talk with.
She was knowledgeable of One Main products and procedures and explained everything in detail and also asked me questions."
Better than other loan companies and so far have not had any issues
Ms Melody ********&nbsp;was amazing she worked with us to get the best possible outcome possible. Great service. Would highly recommend.
Nice and smooth after the road bump but no problem at all
It was fast and your employees were very knowledgeable I would recommend  anybody who is having a difficult  time getting loan .
I've had nothing but great experiences with OneMain. Staff is friendly and ready to assist with any needs. Thank you all again for taking care of me!
"It was easy and well understood,  the representative was fantastic. Explained all the details. She deserves 5start ."
Hannah was very helpful and patient throughout the process of getting me what I needed.
Very easy to get loan issued. Bobby ******&nbsp;helped us with ease. Thank you!
"Everyone of the process was Great and the process overall was swift and seamless after all documents made it into the system!
Allison was instermantal with the process and was an overall simple and friendly process.
Highly recommend One Main Financial, as superfluous to a loan!
Thanks Everyone!"
Whenever I do a deferment they don't follow through on their end and it ends up costing me even more money that I don't actually have. I feel like this loan is a trap I'm never actually going to get out of. I've been super sick where I can't really work and they wanna stress me out by threatening me to take my car away that I need to get to my medical appointments. They don't correctly report to my credit and it always shows I'm behind when I'm not. They haven't even reported it since last June. I will never do business with these people again it is a cycle you'll never get yourself out of and they won't help you with a plan to get out of it.
One main has been frustration after frustration. They increased my 3 year personal loan at 20 percent to over 35 percent and it is now going on close to 5 years and not paid off.  They move the goalpost without your knowledge and say oh it was in our disclosure.  I had to read for 3 hours and finally found it in the middle buried.  Do not trust them.
"I purchased a loan for $5100 and in 8 months and One Financial is showing I have only paid $43. I have tried for 3 days to contact their corporate office and still yet to talk to someone. As I am typing this, I have been on hold for the 7th time for over an hour and eventually they disconnect the call. How else can I get this problem resolved! I have paid on time for the last 8 months and never missed a payment."
"A++ loan officer was amazing - fast, thorough, and had my funds instantly! Highly recommend! Great service! Exemplary attitude and very nice to talk to! Overall a great experience! I've had my loan for 8 months and have had zero issues! Thank you One Main for your sevice! Love you guys! :]"
Manger at ********** ***&nbsp;in **********&nbsp;Virginia only see $$$ sign and has no compassion for those in need of help.I sent a settlement request thru email 5 days ago because my car was totaled and still have not received a reply to neither of my emails. I reached out to the manager and customer service thru email. Can you please get a response trying to do the right thing and take care of my debt but no one is responding. I have also mailed a paper copy of the complaint to the Executive Office of Customer Care .
"Very helpful, knowledgeable and easy to work with, great experience."
"As in the past everyone was very courteous, new what they were doing and understood our needs and took care of us quickly. Your company is the best financial company I have every dealt with."
Very polite and professional and was very considerate. Got the help I needed quickly.
"Has been very easy going everytime Iv needed anything. Down to even doing a small loan over the phone with a 20-30 min phone call and screen sharing on my cell. They don&rsquo;t ask for much, and willing to help in any way they can. The one and probably only customer service that hasn&rsquo;t upset/gave me attitude in any way, shape or form."
"Great customer services! Understanding others life style without judging they get a FIVE STAR ??
Thank each and everyone of you for all that you do daily to change peoples lives! It&rsquo;s greatly appreciated!"
"OneMain is the best. They gave me a chance by trusting me with a loan when my credit was at its worse and now I&rsquo;m headed for a great score. They can help you be on your way up. Thank you OneMain, and all the staff out there in the Hobbs office, Laura was the very first one that helped me, then Marie, last not least, Milagros, you&rsquo;re awesome, thank you!"
"I got a $5000 Loan and paid it off within a year. Waited a few weeks and got a $12,000 loan. Payments under $400 a month for 6 years.
I plan on paying this up in 2.5 years and get a BIGGER loan. I had no issues with 1MF at all. Even making my payments was easy with the online app. I WILL continue to do business with 1MF!"
I had a great experience with One Main Financial. Pleasant staff and easy directions for application.
Jess was great at getting me the loan and payments that fit me. I had a great experience!
"It was very nice, fast. quick, and easy. I was so impressed with the way I was treated."
Totally Awesome and very caring to the customers needs. They helped me when I needed help and everyone else turned their back towards me.
"Quick &amp; easy! The staff at one main are always very professional and polite really a joy to work with. I have been a client for years and will continue to be, they are always there for me when I need them!"
Excellent customer service; finalizing my loan was smooth and efficient.  Thank you
Very pleased with One Main. Ashley with the branch in **********&nbsp;TN has went above and beyond both times I have used One Main. Ashley explained everything very well and got everything done in a timely manner.
Excellent customer service and all were very friendly. I will do business with you again.
"After playing phone tag for a day or two we were able to work things out . I received the loan amount  I requested .
I will say the loan representative working with me was a bit over bearing however I&rsquo;m thinking her demeanor was because she was helping several others at the same time . Her patience was not the best . All in all however I&rsquo;m very pleased ."
They were very courteous and very helpful I think they were very awesome
"My interaction was FANTASTIC!  Everything was explained clearly, the staff was courteous, and everyone made sure I was comfortable with the entire experience."
Super simple process. Within 25 minutes I had all the options and details explained in full
"The best,that's why I keep returning to you for loans. Nobody better. Thankyou Patrick ******."
I have had nothing but issues with one main financial since I started. From double payments being taken out to payments taken out early or not taken out. I put a vehicle up for collateral the vehicle however blew the motor and was instructed to get a price from junk yard they will release the title to them. It has been over a month since anyone has attempted to call me in regards of doing anything all they call for is money and even then sometimes it's taken out in different names like a partner business. I mainly just need the junk vehicle removed already from the street in front of my house and they won't allow it to be touch. No further payments will be made until they get rid of the truck or release the title.
Wonderful customer service and very professional! Very helpful with what I needed!
"They are always there to help when needed. The whole experience  was great.
Thanks again"
Very easy and fast when I needed it to help my daughter out and only had a week they came through.
They were friendly and professional.  They worked with me on a solution that best fit my needs.  The process was smooth and done 100% remotely.
Always easy and quick to deal with and they are kind and respectful!
Brian is very good and always takes care of me
All of our experience with One Main has been great.  We knew what we were getting and how much it would cost upfront.   No complaints from us.
Very friendly service and helpful and explains all my options very clearly for I can understand them
"This was a easy process!!! I did the application online, got instantly approved for what I was asking!!! I live about an hour away from their office and didn&rsquo;t have to go in to complete the paperwork everything was done over the phone very convenient being, that I work from 8:00 in the morning to 4:30 in the evening Monday through Friday. I highly recommend OneMain Financial, they got me the money that I needed for my vacation and because of them my family and I are able to go on vacation this year!!! Go see them you will not be disappointed!!!"
"Got the loan I requested but, it took a very long time for a representative to get a hold of me to set up an appointment, and the interest rate was higher than originally offered"
One main is the only lending company I deal with there fast and have always been able to offer more then I need but the staff is great and helpful and do a all around great job at helping quickly when u need them
The bank agent was very kind and professional. When there was a pause she would explain why she was waiting. I was in and out in no time.
Very pleasant and helpful answered all my questions thoroughly. Thank you.
"My experience was amazing! Teresa *******&nbsp;was absolutely incredible! She made everything transparent and me comfortable. If there was any issues she had the experience to deal with each one that popped up. She also gave great advice for the future of finances, truly an asset to your company! Great teamwork in office and all around a great experience"
They gave me the loan I needed to get back on my feet after blowing my back out at Harley-Davidson and they left me high and dry without disability. Now I can catch up and float above water instead of drowning!
"Always love dealing with this company, whether it was in Florida or in Pennsylvania. Staff is very helpful and always work with you. They are great in explaining everything involved in your loans and other options of benefits offered. The process was very simple.
Very friendly and easy to talk to. I definitely recommend 100%.
Thank you for all you do."
"Wonderful experience - every time.  It is so nice to know that there are companies out there  that are still willing to work with their customers.  My local office does that in a very friendly, caring way - and it is greatly appreciated!"
I apply for a personal loan the lady say I can apply for the secure loan I may put my car up for collateral she ask what kind of car I have a Lexus top of a line nice car she tells me I can&rsquo;t use my car do I have a co-signer thank for wasting my time I will not recommend this company ever the worst thank me later
"On 25 Feburary I arrived at One Main with a cashier's check from my bank to pay off my loan. My Cashiers check was greater than the amount of owed.
Now the night before I had a DIF in another state. So I requested to pay all but a small amount (less than 8%) to manage minor costs incured with any Death In Family travel.
To my surprise, They not only said No, but were rude and dismissive. Didn't even offer any alternative (I guess the amount remaining would not be profitable enough for them).
Further, the CHECK they did give me was Declined. After calling One Main and checking other places, it was finally accepted.
On March 5th, I filed an official grievance (verbally and in writing) with the corporate executive office. To this date I never received a response to my complaint, let alone an apology for their rudeness and mistreatment, or Any Explanation Why I Could Not Keep A Small Loan Amount Open?
Note, In the 2 years I was with One Main, I never missed a payment, been late with a payment, or given any reason to mistreat like this.
Today 16 March, 2023 I received a phone call from One Main. I would expect The corporate entity would perform a Cause and Correct Action exercise on my case. They did neither. This is not a company to do business with. I was again dismissed. One Main Didn't address the issue. I still don't know why I was not allowed to keep a small balance on my account!
One Main is not a company you want to do business with. They're like a fair weather friend. When things are good, sunny skys, they're your friend, but if a few clouds row in,  they don't know you, you're garbage."
One main made my experience very easy I was very satisfied with the level of customer service I will recommend one main to my family and friends
Fast easy Hassel free... Started on line ended in office all friendly staff
They were fast and professional. I Highly recommend them for anyone in a jam.
"Absolutely perfect transaction, my second loan with One Mian, got the money I needed super fast, it was less than an hour"
"OMF has really helped me, with obtaining my loan, they took time out of their day to go over every aspects that I needed to make this loan a successful."
"The staff is very kind, professional and knowledgeable. They made it easy to meet my financial needs. I&rsquo;ve been with them for two years and am very happy with the service."
The whole process was effortless.  They&rsquo;re a great group to work with.
Helpful process. Good loan processsor. Easy paper work. Pleasant experience.mm8 mm8
Everyone was polite and friendly. And was happy to help me.
I had a very pleasant experience working with Shannon at One Main at Stonecrest. She was so patient and answered all of my questions. I would definitely recommend OMF to anyone for their loan servicing needs.
As always very helpful and easy to talk to; very glad to use them
Very fast and efficient. Quick to have everything done. The Leander was very good at his job.
"Wonderfully effective and fast.
If you need great service, you must visit these good people."
Very helpful and courteous. Amy took very good care of us.
I would recommend anyone wanting to get an installment loan to apply online with OneMain Financial. I was guided through the web pages and my loan was approved and the money was deposited into my checking account early in the AM the next morning. It was a Five Star experience.
"The staff at One Main in **********, NC is outstanding! We have branches closer to us but their customer service is the best. I love the personal relationship and always treated with kindness and respect. They are super efficient and the best staff to work with. Courtney always looks out for our best interest."
OneMain has always been there for my loan needs when no other lender would! Fast and easy and it was all done over the phone. Thank you Onemain for being there for me.
It was a easy and simple process. Everyone in the office were great!
The Representative was very courteous and professional.  May it easy for me to understand what was happening.
Felt tricked into automatic payments by loan officer! Very unhappy!
Very quick and easy process and had my money the next day
"Applied for loan... and had the money in my account super fast, was my first loan and went unexpectedly smoother than I thought it would. Got just what I needed and payments are where I want them to be. Awesome, couldn't be happier"
Brie has been absolutely fabulous in helping me. I've had a difficult few months with major things breaking in my house. She went above and beyond to help me and I'm so very grateful.
"Very good experience was treated with kindness and respect.Would recommend One Main
to anyone looking a to get a loan.The staff was plesant and I didn't feel pressure from them.
They also made me feel like I counted not like someone they had to deal with.This was  my
second time to get a loan and I would definiately go back.I also like threir customer service and
how easy it is to recieve my monthly statement"
"Great customer service, I hate the interest rate but that's what you get with fair credit."
I not going to sugarcoat it I feel on some hard times lately and my local branch witch is in ******* ******&nbsp;Ga. Was able to refinance my loan and lower my payments and that really helped me out financially and I was very grateful for there help in my situation. They were very helpful and very generous to me in my situation and I appreciate them so much.
Great service during the loan document signing! I would definitely use them again.
So far excellent. Service and explanation was simple. The staff was very professional and pleasant.
I had a great experience with One Main.  They really came through for me in an emergency situation.  Customer service was top notch.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
Very professional and helpful with comfortable lending. They create a very informal atmosphere in the lending process.
"Friendly, fast, knowledgeable.  Professional.  Easy to work with. Great alternative financing"
Very easy process with a very friendly and professional staff there to answer every question.
"simple and easy to do. Had no issues what so ever. I've been with OneMain for years,"
"Very friendly professional staff always willing to help.
I like that they will take the time to explain anything that you don't understand."
"Legalized extortion, using your credit scores for arm-twisting. Even with payment arrangements, they wreak havoc on your scores without impunity. Borrow from anywhere but HERE."
"One Main Financial in *****, LA, has the best customer service I have ever come across. Especially when it comes to dealing with banks or loan companies, they beat their competition. They went above the required expectations to assist me with my needs in a very courteous, ethical and professional manner. Thank you One Main Financial.
Sincerely,
Lori L"
I have been with them for years.  The Riverhead branch is always helpful and knowledgeable.  The process is easy.  Great folks to work with.
"I feel scammed between one main and credit karma....they send all this offers, I applied and they tell me I'm approved! Yet when they called,  the rep didn't even have the right amount I applied for, and then had to send in more info to even be considered to be approved. If you really need help it's an absolute waste of time and effort on your end. They have false advertising to reign you in and then when your ""fake"" approved the terms STILL change. Complete waste of my time. Went with another bank and got what I needed in two hours compared to the back and forth with One Main over the course of days! Never again"
"I felt very comfortable throughout the process of obtaining my loan with One Main. I believe that you have a very strong niche&rsquo; in the market place. Those of us that have had a few credit bumps along the path of financial life.
My loan processor Alicia, gave me her time and expertise in a very positive way. Resulting in my ability to successfully be considered for and closing a loan. Thank you for the courtesy and respect.
Steve"
Ms. L***** was great and very professional in helping me acquire my loan!! I will definitely go back to her again if I ever need another loan!!
Extremely courteous staff. Very helpful. I will definitely refer friends or relatives who have a need.
"Actually enjoyed the process at the branch office, I started doing it online and it became difficult with the person on the other end of the phone who seemed not to care one bit about her job, so I hung up and darted to the nearest branch for the better morning personal experience. Which was the better choice as the employee at the branch office explained everything much better than the person on the phone did."
Very nice people that met our needs when we really needed it
Very helpful  and easy to do and always  makes me feel welcome.  I would recommend anyone that wants a loan to try them.
"The loan process with Wendy was very informative and well explained. She answered all my questions and was very patient and understanding in my future goals and purposes of the loan.  Since the initial phone call with her till our final handshake, Wendy was professional and courteous throughout the entire process.  Would definitely recommend if you want to take the next step in your financial future. Thank you Wendy and One Main!"
She was wonderful she explained everything to meet their own and answered any of the questions that I did have for her
This entire experience was easy and quick and even though we had a little hiccup it worked out even better because we were able to get more! Cindy and the entire staff were great!
I have always been treated with respect and the one time I was late because of being out of town they let me take care of it when I got back with no problems what so ever; Awesome peopleand great Co.
It was a quick and easy application process.  The terms and payments are well within our budget!
Fast and easy service !  Couldn&rsquo;t believe how quick I got my money!
Good service. Was pleased with the guy who got my approval. Thank you ??
I have been treated with the greatest respect and friendly matters. I have renewed my loan 3 ttimes. Always been with Steve. I would recommend them to anyone.
The employees at the ********&nbsp;NC location are always ready and willing to help. My husband and I always feel welcome when we are there. Debbie is very knowledgeable and always kind. Other companies need to take note on how these employees do customer service!!!&rsquo;
"Awesome experience. My loan officer in Florida was great. Explained everything in simple terms and very patient. How great is this, she talked with me about what would be needed to pay loan off early. Would refer anyone and everyone to OneMain Financial. They were Great."
"The staff was very friendly and informative. Very satisfied with the service, thanks Rachel"
"I did not get a copy of my paperwork. I signed everything online and they went over it so quickly and now i get a bill in the mail showing a higher payment then i agreed please advise.
Robert"
"Needed a loan. I had a valid government ID my paystub.
I applied online from my Credit Karma app. I thought it was gonna be fast. Upstart took only a few days when they gave me a loan 2 years ago and it was all online. I scanned my ID and took a screenshot of my paystub.
Then a lady called me to verify my information. She did her job tryjng to verify me. I guess thats how it works? It was more of an interrogation. No customer service voice. I guess it's okay for them because Im the one asking for help?
They said I needed a printed out paystub which my company never gives, it is all online but the lady insisted that I give them a printed out copy.
Then they want a picture of my social security card. My paystub contains the last 4 of my SSN.
They also needed to take a picture of my ID showing the four courners instead of the scanned version.
I get it. They're probably a legit company and they want to verify my identity, and they just dont believe me yet. Just dont give people an online option if youre just gonna ask them to come to the office anyway.
If you needed more info to begin with, please ask us to upload all the things you actually needed on the online form and be specific:
&gt; please show the outer corners of the ID
&gt; the actual printout of the paystub is better.
&gt; a picture of your social security card.
Overall I can just go to another company where I dont have to feel interrogated like that."
"I have had a loan with One Main for almost 2yrs, never missed a payment even made double payments (at least 8). They send offers saying I gualify for a new loan with false amounts. I refinanced with them months ago for one third of what they said I qualified for. and recently got denied an offer One Main Financial sent me.(mail and email).They have all my bank and tax info already, no reason to send false offers."
Lindsey was very helpful. I have had nothing but good experiences with One Main.
"Corey in the Atlanta office on ********* *****&nbsp;was absolutely wonderful, thorough and respectful of my time!
I love the above and beyond customer service experience and I would for sure do business with OneMain Financial again in the future:)"
"a big rip off, help when needed yea but when it comes their customer service it is the worse by far. I fell behind and each time I tried calling to resolve the problem nothing I said mattered it was their way or no way at all. you talk to someone by text and then call the office and no one has a clue as to what your talking about. They claim I didn't sign a contract that was sent to me 3 times when I screenshot the proof?!?!? a year later when I'm trying to renew my registration come to find out from the DMV they filed a ""lost title"" because they forgot to place themselves as lienholders? now I have a hold on my registration for my vehicle until that is complete. my husband calls to find out what's going on and why we weren't aware and instead gets someone on the line talking to him as if she is his mom.
They are the worst !!! I've worked for a loan company 10 years before and never would I treat people that way."
I was treated with respect and a general kind environment. The process was easy and the ladies at the *********&nbsp;S.D. branch were very helpful with all my questions. I would not hesitate to recommend one main financial for a loan.
"I just received my third loan and allof my experiences have been very positive. On this last application process, Sara was extremely helpful and patient, working with me and my needs. Thank you for making the entire process much easier."
I got the help I needed. Everyone was helpful and very friendly
Very professional with a customer first plus attitude! I highly recommend them!
I really appreciate you guys when ever I need help your there I would truly recommend you to a friend thanks again thanks Jennifer you were really nice and understanding
Very easy to deal with.  Quick and efficient.  My loan was handled with the utmost speed and care.
Very professional and timely .. would recommend to anyone ... great service
Crystal was absolutely the BEST!!! She made me feel comfortable and secure in my options. I'm really excited that this loan will help pay some bills and build my credit!
"Daisey is absolutely the best.  She is patient, kind and knowledgeable.  Really appreciate her and the team at OneMain Financial with this loan.  Repayment options were fully explained and certainly my intention for early payoff."
"I am thankful for the *****, ND branch of One Main! They have been so very helpful this past year! Sam in incredibly efficient and knowledgeable while remaining polite and friendly, which is greatly appreciated on my end of these things! May GOD bless you all for the assistance you give to those of us in financial need. Dave"
By far one of the best experiences I&rsquo;ve had with a business. Very patient and informative
Stephanie made the transaction very easy and she took care of everything. I would not hesitate to contact One Main for future needs.
"I was greatly impressed and appreciated the customer service in which they gave me, very friendly and helpful"
"Rachel in the **********&nbsp;Florida Branch was wonderful and patient with me. It was a simple and fast process getting additional funds. I have been with OneMain for awhile now and they always remain knowledgeable, patient, and understanding."
They are always super nice to me and have always been there when I need help thank you
Service is excellent and the process was quick. Good company
Great people and they always do a great job. Wonderful!
Great customer service a d great people keep up the great work Wanda did make it a great experience
"Very good at helping , and very nice people!! And also they understand a lot and they don't judge you when you want in the door , family friendly and great !!!"
"They only care about roping you in for a loan and then making it impossible for you to make that payment.  I did everything I was told to do to set this up into payments so I could better manage the account and to make sure I was on time and stayed current.(never once being late)  They did NOT set this up stating that I didn't finish the paperwork on my end which is a LIE.  I did it from my phone the very day I received it.  Today they took the full payment and other bills bounced and all they can do is say, you didn't complete the link, it's your fault.  Please anyone reading this do not do business with this company.  I know lending money is a heartless business but they should follow through so they have the trust of the company you are doing business with. This company will do everything they can to take your money, as much as they can, and not care about anything else.  I'm told the manager can call you back. What good will that do? Will it prevent the insufficient fund fees that I will get? Will it pay the bills that are not going to clear? Will it unmark the negative credit that I'm going to have by now paying late on these bills?  NO!"
"I appreciated being able to work on information at home and then finish in the OneMain office. When I arrived, I was there for a short while and to the point. I appreciated the time management of my visit."
"My experience was very satisfying. Janelle walked me through all my available options and carefully explained the pros/cons of each. The whole process from start to finish was very efficient and within the hour, the funds I needed were in my account. This took a huge weight off my shoulders."
Quick and easy.  Amanda was super to deal with. Very professional and pleasant.
Very poor customer service. I had to speak with 6 different people and none of them had any knowledge of what was going on with my account. Employees seem poorly trained and don't know how to perform any aspect of their job other than answering the phone. Closed my loan on the 7th won't have access to funds until the 22nd!
Thank you for the help. It was very much appreciated
Very friendly and helpful staff at Massena office. Keep up the good work.
My experience was fast and amazing! Ray was awesome and fast response to my loan... highly  will recommend it to family and friends if they need a loan.. Thank-you!
"******** California team is A +!
They make easy and don&rsquo;t waste my time!"
Excellent service.  Good explanation of all parts of the loan application.  Very friendly and helpful staff.
I have been a OneMain customer for a lot of years now and always have had a great experience with the process and reps helping me obtain my loans. Reliable and easy to work with.
"Total rip off and scam. They tell you that you are approved, have you send in all this personal information and documents then tell you that you are not approved."
"Not even one star.  They are disorganized, dishonest, and can be extremely predatory, regardless of what may be online.  I took out a secured loan against my Prius for roughly $5,000 with them.  Having made $2500+ in payments, they said I still owed $4900.  When I asked Jelani ********, an employee, why that was, he stated because of late fees.  I always paid on the 2nd of the month, as agreed.  The only time I was late was my last payment (this month--2 days late when I called him.)  They will call repeatedly for no reason, and they refuse to document.  Each time they have no idea what was discussed prior with their representatives.  I asked for a lien release on the car and they agreed to the ripoff $4900, but changed this two days later to $5000, with no explanation.  So, I told ***** *****, who offered to get me out of it, to forget it, because I did not want them dealing with this totally unscrupulous not-so-good-for-America American institution.  My decision: Your car will be on a county road, and good luck with that.  WARNING: No matter what state American economics has put you in, and no matter how hungry you become, dealing with them WILL make things worse for you.  DO NOT SUCCUMB TO ANY AMERICAN INSTITUTION OR COMPANY THAT BETRAYS ITS OWN PEOPLE."
My experience was amazing! Olga was great to work with!
Shannon gave excellent service! She is very knowledgeable and I appreciate her expertise.
"Awesome service from the beginning of the process all the way to closing!
After closing the funds were deposited very quickly into my account - about the next day.
I&rsquo;m a second time borrower and the service both times has always been too notch!"
"I wasn't expecting the call. Not only did I get help right when I needed it, but my monthly didn't go up too much, in order to be able to do it. They helped me do it all online/email so I didn't have to leave work to sign and handle the paperwork! They were not only pleasant to deal with, you can tell they truly care, even if it is a loan company! :)"
I am Very Happy with the Service and Ease of Transaction that I Received from Christine. I Apologize if I was Taken Care of by Another .... I've Had a ***&nbsp;~ ********* ***** *******&nbsp;and Often Forget the Names of People I've Only Met Once.
Ms Rica in the ********&nbsp;branch is great at what she do the customer support is there and I am very satisfied with the service Thanks!
Very professional and helpful in the process would recommend to anyone
OneMain Financial was very polite friendly and the service was reel quick and very professional like. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Very kind professional and did a great job getting what I needed
Melinda A was great ***** (five stars to Melinda). Thank you OneMain Financial Group and Melinda for making the process smooth and easy to understand.
Service great Tito manager helped me so much in reconstruction of my loan. They worked with me when I lost my employment. I have no complaints.
"Very professional, helpful and accomodating. Staff were courteous and explained everything clearly."
"I had a loan that i paid off and currently have another loan but i will never do business again with them after the way my wife was treated trying to get her loan. quick little back story, on the night of thanksgiving they found tumors on my wife's brain. with upcoming costs and travel we were trying to get a loan to consolidate out cards and fix up our car a little in preparation. last week she was told that the loan would be accepted and we just needed to drop off the title Monday. well Monday comes and apparently the guy last week was new, which no one told us, and he botched the paperwork and did not do any do diligence for information they needed, so now we are no longer approved and will continue to struggle after we had the tiniest bit of positive news in these dark times our family is facing. i cannot wait to pay my loan off and never deal with you again. completely disgust me i hope your families never have to go what we are going through and feel the pain we feel. thank you for adding to our stress, especially my wife. now she feels like a burden to the family since the loan was canceled. you really just put a nail in the coffin for this family. hope you feel real good about this. i know you don't care though, as i used to repo vehicles for you as well so i know how you really feel about customers. cash cows is all."
"Credit buster&hellip;&hellip;ran credit knowing they couldn&rsquo;t provide a loan. Stay away, scam service"
Was tricked into a 60 month loan when all the time I was communicating about a 36 month loan.
"My experience was amazing! Joanna was friendly, helpful and answered all my questions. She made the process completely seamless. "
Susan & the rest of the office staff are so professional and courteous.  I don't feel like a customer- but rather a comrade friend- I know I'm not their only customer but I certainly feel as if I am- 
My experience was very informative and went quite smooth.  Jason has always been very prompt and clear with his delivery.
"Great service. _ to Nicole, very professional and friendly . It was a pleasure doing business with her. "
"I was approved for more than I had originally asked for, the loan process was easy. If I were to need another loan or additional money, I would not hesitate to go back."
"The service was great, Sheri was a knowledgeable and friendly representative and a joy to work with."
"It took a while to get my loan, but once I was approved Matt and Chris in the Scarborough branch were very professional and courteous.  The process was quick and easy.  The two guys were wonderful and helpful.  Thank you for great service "
"Very unprofessional and lack basic knowledge. I was told I was approved for a loan and then went thru a week of getting more information to verify my income. When I would call the branch they would ask what do you want now? They ran my credit over and over and when I asked why they would need to do that the manager said we can't access the old application. I was told it wouldn't affect my credit since they already ran it once. When I finally spoke to the manager and provided everything they asked for and more they said you are declined. I asked for more information, she said your declined I can't help you. I even asked what would my payment have been to try to understand why I was getting declined? She stated I don't have that information you are declined.  She belittled me and made me feel so upset with her tone and rudeness. I own my own business and no matter what the situation I would not talk to a customer in that manner. I will be taking legal action. "
"Jan was very professional and good to work with, the whole staff went out of their way to make things easy and simple for me.  Loretta"
Friendly great service understands your needs. Try to help you however they can.. I would recommend them to friends and family.
Poor customer service. I was told several times that the office manager would call me and he never returned my call. They are only interested in repossession your vehicle. They do not modify your loan like they present to you when you first sign up. Do not get a loan from this place. Just horrible! 
From the moment I received a telephone call from the agent Odalys I knew she was invested in helping me.<br/> When I walked in to the office I felt welcomed she went above and beyond _ a 150% satisfied <br/> Greecy ****** ***** fl
It was a good experience.  The lady that help me with very professional. I am so sorry i am bad with names she was GREAT thanks for all you done for me.
Alexis at the Oxford office was accommodating to my schedule and Betty knowledgeable. Thanks! 
"So I started the bankruptcy journey, and part of that journey is informing your creditors that you're starting bankruptcy and the creditors must stop attempting to collect money or contacting me. So I wake up one day to see that my account is 357 dollars overdrafted, plus the 40 dollar overdraft fee. Guess who? One main. I had removed all of my payment information from their website, so how are they still taking out money. I quickly cancelled the Pending payment, and even though the payment says cancelled, they still kept my money. I called my local one main office to tell them that I had sent them letters stating that I'm in bankruptcy and that they shouldn't be collecting money from me anymore. I was told by the rep to not do bankruptcy because it'll mess up my credit, and that I shouldn't pay my attorney, and that I should just set up a payment plan with One Main first because bankruptcy should only be a last option. That is not One Main's decision to make for me. Do not get a loan from them, because it is a hell that you will never be able to escape. With their interest rate, my 12k loan turned into a 21k loan. Now, I will be unable to get groceries, despite working 40 hours a week minimum. Thanks One Main. "
Representative was very professional and knowledgeable about all aspects of the process.  
"The office Manager was great very professional and she gets the job done.  The closing agent OMG great customer service &eth;&Yuml;&tilde;&Scaron;, she is truly a people person.  Thank you"
"They were friendly and professional.  I did not have any problems applying for my loan, they took the time to explain to me my options for my loan. I definitely will recommend this company."
"I wouldn't give this. Company zero stars. Very high interest rates. Harassment on the daily basis. Oh yeah I'll be taking you guys to court as well. On a 6,500 loan they trying to charge me 20,000.   "
"Friendly, professional easy to speak with and works with you. Thank you! "
"A great experience,  the person that helped me, Felicia ***** was so,so, patient with me, eventhough,  I know closing the loan, is beneficial for her, as a senior person, I can say , her patience was with me , was one the best I've  had. I would definitely recommend this business, and her, to anyone, especially if they are senior, like me. I hope she gets a special recognition."
"Your customer service representatives are extremely helpful and courteous very insightful and patient, professional and downright knowledgeable  I left feeling extremely confident and grateful for your valuable assistance "
"It was a pleasure dealing with OneMain Financial.  The experience was fast, friendly and all of my needs were met.  I received the loan I needed and the process was fast and efficient."
I currently customer I applied for rnew my loan several days went by didn't hear anything so call they miss information came information stilltook a couple more days. Process really longer then what need be on answer
Went great once I got all my documents!  Easy set up in app. 
They claim to help people with bad credit get put off debt but when you apply they deny you .
"It is very easy to get a loan and then we had to renew to get our title out so our daughter could have a car. We have made 27 payments of $540 a month directly from our bank so never late on a $15,000 loan and we told we still owe $11,600. I called and said that isn't possible! They have been charging us DAILY interest so in the beginning of that 540 less than $100 was going to principal!!! Now after 27 payments only $200 goes to principal! It's sickening and should be illegal "
"Extremely unprofessional staff at the Bossier City, LA location. Definitely would not recommend them. They will belittle you, make idle threats, they start calling before your even 12 hours late, and if then they go down the list calling relatives and 82 year old in laws even after being asked not to. Very nasty business practices. "
"They were incredible. I called to see about having a payment deferred and they got me a new loan with an extra $500.00 , which I needed to go to a doctor's appointment. "
Andrew was very helpful made the process seamless and easy
Such an easy experience everyone is so nice and friendly always my go to when I need help 
I think the the people who work there are very knowledgeable and very friendly and very helpful. They made the process very nice and I do appreciate them
"If you are even one day late, this company will call you daily, sometimes multiple times.  They will call & hang up after the phone rings 2x and then call a couple hours later. Outrageous interest rates, high monthly payments. Absolutely not worth the time or stress."
"Very professional and helpful, I was satisfied with the knowledge in which she answers all my questions "
"Well Oct 24 me and my family was in a major wreck in Indiana with 18 wheeler one main didn't have the title to my vehicle so it took a while for them to receive the payoff check Dec 1 of 2022 one main instead of putting paid off in full on my credit they put credit close when in reality they were over paid my loan was 25,5 an they received 29.5 an put on my credit they only received 28.5 so beware of the games they play it's been 2 mos they fault an I received the negative mark for nothing "
"FINANCIAL FRAUD.<br/> <br/> This is a review for One Main Financial of *********** NJ.<br/> <br/> I have a loan with OMF. I had been paying each month on time without a problem until I found out they performed illegal activity unto me.<br/> <br/> I'm trying hard to re-establish my credit by paying as much as possible each month on my credit cards and the loan I have with OMF and they recently made my score drop by 46 points for something that I NEVER applied for/agreed to. <br/> <br/> About the week of Oct 2nd, 2022 I spoke to Georgia the manager at the ********** NJ branch who answered a question for me and she then mentioned something about if I needed more money but I never told her I did. <br/> <br/> Then after talking to her on the phone I received an email asking me to send in documents if I wanted to apply for more money and I didn't send anything because I did not want to apply for more money! I'm paying every month for the loan I have with them and it's hardly going down at all, that and also I know my credit score is too low to be approved for anything so I would never have applied for another loan. I don't need anymore loan money!!! <br/> <br/> Then on Oct 16th 2022 I receive an email that says I was not approved and they cannot give me another loan at this time. I was like ""WHAT?"" It seems that Georgia took it upon herself to apply for a loan in my name using my social security number that I NEVER AGREED TO! I sat there with my mouth dropped open not believing what I was reading.<br/> <br/> Calling OMF HQ to explain did nothing. It seems they could care less. They said I did ask for more money so I told them to show me the proof. They couldn't because there was no phone recording and of course NO written request from me do they have nor did I send in any of those documents that the email asked for. I thought this was a reputable financial corp, I guess not. And trying to take advantage of someone on a less than desirable military/workplace disability I think is really messed up!"
I think they are the best loan company around. I have been with one main for three years now and I would send anyone there. Great company!! 
Very good experience. Brad made the process of getting the loan very easy.
My second time getting a loan though OneMain finance it was a successful experience.. The patience and staying connected was a plus for me. Once all the documents they needed was turn in and confirmed. Everything move quickly afterwards. And money was deposited _.
"Very professional, made time for us on busiest of days. Cutomer service is people focused and attentive to your needs. Absolutely recommend "
"The process of getting a loan with OneMain could not have been any easier and Mark was super nice, knowledge and helpful!"
"I am very pleased. I've used OneMain for close to twenty years, going back to the original days of American General Finance. They are responsive, customer focused and flexible. I recommend them for supplemental cash as needed. The branch I currently work with is very professional. "
The over the phone assistance with Britney at the ******** tx branch was easy and fast. We greatly appreciate her help and one main financial.
Joseph was first rate! Very professional yet friendly as well. All questions answered and I am very happy with my service.
They came through for me fast quick and in a hurry. Fantastic.
They took money out of my husband's account when they weren't supposed to overdrew his account said they would put his money back and here it is 4 days later and he still hasn't seen any money back in his account. He doesn't even have money for gas to get to work next week. He regrets taking this loan out totally do not recommend doing business with this company _
The experience was great the young lady who worked with us did a great job making sure we understood everything 
Very good experience and very happy with the friendly service I received. 5 stars for sure!!! Thank you so much. 
My reviews just like the rest of them promised money then when it comes to giving the money they need more information even though their staff says that everything was submitted.
It is like I have a financial advisor.  I received tips on rebuilding my credit & got more money than I asked for.
The One Main Financial help me out when I really needed and I thank them so very much.
Adrian and Alexandra are very pleasant to work with! They make sure that all questions are answered and they do their best to make sure you're satisfied as a customer.  
"I definitely need a loan because of my credit score.  I must keep my job in order to keep it going, and I must get my own rent.  I have to pay off my credit card with the credit score trying to build more score; it will take about 6 to 12 months."
The process was quick & easy. Great employees! Online process is so convenient.
"Bethany & Ashley were such a joy to work with!! They are the epitome of what customer service should be!!  They were so courteous and so kind and even went the extra mile to see if they could get me a little bit more extra money because of the holidays. Such a great team to work with, thank you!"
Morning Karen you did and outstnding job it was a pleasure working with you.  Thanks
Everyone is so nice. I go to ****** ******* ky. CARLA is so nice and helpful
It was very easy to get the loan and very nice people to assist me!!
"Great customer service and friendly, always helpful thanks for everything. "
"These folks gave me a chance, now I'm  working to clean up and build a good credit rating."
Tasha with OneMain was absolutely awesome. Great communication and took time to really explain everything to me. I will definitely be doing business with them in the future.
"The process to get the loan was easy, the people were friendly, and everything was explained in detail.  The money was deposited just when they said it would be.  The ease in which the payoff took place amazed me.  I would definitely recommend."
One Main Financial at ************ Indiana is Fantastic.. the customer service is above and beyond .. they are upfront about everything and so easy to work with and talk to. They always go out of the way to help and explain everything.  I will be a Faithful One Main financial customer for a long time.
Everything went according to plan. Morgan was extremely helpful and explained everything completely.
Everything was explained really well and the process was easy. 
I was laughed at when I called regarding my financial issues. I want out of this so bad that I will voluntarily give back the car. That's how bad I don't want to deal with this company any longer. 
"The process is so easy and everyone we spoke to was amazing. Allie, at our branch, explained everything really well and provided fair options at reasonable rates. Honestly a life saver in this economy. The online services and auto pay makes this a cinch. "
"They never pick up when I call them, but then started calling my work, and giving my coworkers my information. Also, they don't respond to emails. It makes it hard to communicate because I don't always have time to be on the phone. "
I made double payments and they still haven't reported it to any of the credit bureaus. I called and the branch doesn't know how to get them reported but they sure reported the loan in less than an hour when it was taken out. Do I really have to call the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and spend time blowing up the internet on this...just report the payments and the new balance. I bet it would be reported fast enough if I were late
I am very dissatisfied with One Main. Me and my mother in law paid for life insurance on a loan she passed away unexpectedly and now they don't want to pay saying it was pre-existing when then death certificate states differently. Have tried numerous times to talk to someone and they just talk circles. Now have had my insurance canceled by them without asking me. I have all the documents to prove she did not die of pre-existing conditions and will be seeking to sue for emotional damage.
OneMain financial the bests I'm love the customer service like Jenifer she the best is the best she help me out eve thing and try for me understand everything I want to ask she very nice and sweet customer service 
I think it's a great way advertised. To help  your business to grow. 
"Everyone I spoke with in the ******* GA office have always been amazing to work with. They will help and do what it takes to ensure great customer service and retention of accounts. Overall couldn't ask for any better. I have read some of the negative comments below, but in my experience that has never been the case. To the gentleman that commented about phone calls, you obviously owe it, it's their JOB to call to collect it, period.  I am appreciative of the calls before I enrolled in auto pay."
"They totally wasted my time. I kept getting asked for more and more info for two weeks to try and get a loan. Every time there was a problem and I had to submit more information but then there was always another problem. There was a few days too when no one answered the phone . The loan officer, amber, was always rude and kept lying about submitting my paperwork for a final check. The are definitely deceptive in their business practices and need to be put of business. It's the location at **** w ********** blvd ste **** *** ****** NV XXXXX"
"Why would it matter if I split my payments in half before the 10th of each month to One Main? Also why do they prefer I call in to my local branch to pay with my debit card as opposed to making a payment myself online? Also, they don't like it if I pay a little extra towards my next monthly payment.  These people have caused me to have sleepless nights & anxiety attacks.  I only gave 1 star so I could post. I would like my questions answered in a public forum since I don't get a straight answer from One Main."
"Took out a 4,000 loan. After 7 months of on time payment only $200 has come off the balance. Even with the predatory interest rate this is ridiculous.  On top of this I was enrolled in a ""protection program"" I explicitly said I did not want.    Stay away from these predators.  "
I would leave a zero if I could. They are predatory lenders charging outrageous interest!
One Main Financial got my personal information and pull my credit without my consent.
Brian was the best loan officer I've ever meet that helped me get bills paid off and I'll recommend this loan office to anyone that needs a loan
"Very helpful, very fast. The service that Zack provided was beyond measure. He should own the company."
I really do appreciate the service that you offered very fast and convenient and very excellent customer service
Been A Customer With One Main For Many Years But No More. If You Fall Behind On Your Loan They Call You At Work At Home Constantly. I Feel Like I Owe Money To The Mob Seriously. 
"I'm on a fixed income. I've had a secured loan with them for several years. I have perfect payment history a fair credit score and an acceptable debt to income ratio. I recently applied for an unsecured loan to replace my current one and was approved. However, after the underwriters obtained my income they denied the loan due to a slight decrease 2 years into the future. My income will still be sufficient but that was not taken into account.  The underwriters denied a few thousand dollars based off a very minor income drop far into the future. That is wrong. "
"You have the best people working for your company.  The first time I met with Kathy and she did a great job, not just getting my loan  but with follow-up.  The second time was last week and I met with Courtney.   She was very thorough and answered all of my questions about loans in general and about this loan.  **I have read a few of the comments below on this survey.  So far I have not found these claims to be what I am experiencing.  Hopefully, I will continue to have a positive experience. "
"I have had multiple loans (one current) with OneMain. I was recently pre-approved, then approved during application process for a debt consolidation loan. My local branch experience was unprofessional. I called main office to close with someone else. I go through a week of ""I will call you back"", ""the verification team hasn't signed off yet"", etc. Then during the finalization process in which my login account showed approved and ready to contact a rep, the loan was reduced and unacceptable and now going on weeks with no results and a hit on my credit report.  Now onto current loan practices. If you have a current loan, information is nowhere to be found on your account login. They use a pre-computed loan information (i.e. the loan amount you would be paying off if full term). They nearly refuse to give you your current payoff or any info on your loan, which you have to call in everytime just to get constantly asked ""why do you need your payoff amount?"" in a defensive tone.  Best to find a better lender. Avoid the predatory and non-transparent practices."
"Everybody in the office has a poor attitude. They tried contacting a week after you put your application in, because they don't have enough people in their office. And because you work 16 hours days and they can't contact you in the timely manner, they deny your application. It's not the applicants fault that they don't have enough help to get back to you in a timely manner and then ask you to submit another application in 2 weeks to run your credit again. We have used one main financial multiple times but after dealing with an office like this will never use one main financial again!!  Do better One Main!!"
"I WISH I COULD GIVE NO STARS TO THE COMPANY. ONE OF THE WORSE COMPANIES EVER. I HAVE PAID TWICE FOR THE SAME LOAN. YOU WILL GET RIP OFF, AND SCREW OVER BY THIS COMPANY REGARDLESS OF THE STATE YOU LIVE IN. THERE WAS AN ADDED $509.01 INTEREST CHARGED AT PAYOFF. THIS COMPANY IS A COMPANY OF PREDATORS. I CALLED AND SET UP PAID OFF NOVEMBER 8TH,2022. TALK TO TWO PEOPLE AND NO ONE PUT IT THROUGH. CHARGED ANOTHER PAYMENT ON NOVEMBER 16, 2022. TALK TO THE SAME INDIVIDUAL FROM NOVEMBER 8TH FOR PAYOFF AND SHE DOES NOT RECALL TALKING TO ME. IT'S A SCAM. I PAID AN EXTRA 70.00 DOLLARS EVERY MONTH AND THE AMOUNT DIDN'T SEEM TO MOVE. I TRUSTED THESE LADIES AND THAT WAS MY FIRST MISTAKE. I WOULD ADVISE ANY AND EVERYONE TO AVOID THIS COMPANY. I AGREE WITH THE OTHER VICTIM THIS COMPANY DOES NOT UNDERSTAND EARLY PAID OFF. GO TO A REAL BANK NOT A SIDE HUSTLE COMPANY. ***** WA"
I feel as if I borrowed money from the mob
They will rip u off they don't know what a early payout is 
"I borrowed $6,000 two years ago. I've paid over $4,000 back to One Main. Never missed a payment or late. I called today to get my payoff. They say I still owe $5,400. What! How is this even possible? I'm going in to the branch in **** ******* La. next week to pay off my loan and I will never use One Main again. I gave one star only because the staff there is friendly."
"I got a loan for, at the moment is $4814. It was originally $4704. The balance at one main is $8101. The term is 48 mths and they start your balance at the amount it   it would be at the end if you only paid minimum payments. My interest rate they say is 31%. I have paid 2 payments ($170/per mth) and the $8101 went down but what I owe went up. I don't think this is legal!!! I'm in a mess and do t know how to get out."
Teresa is amazing.  She made the process effortless.  I would recommend them to anyone looking to consolidate bills or catch up due to unforseen circumstances.  They offer other services that could assist in budgeting your personal finances.
"It was definitely the easiest, fastest process I have ever gone through for a loan and the staff were absolutely amazing and so helpful to me! I would definitely RECOMMEND!!"
Always fast and simple. Very friendly and professional. Easy to work with!
I always have a great experience with them. I highly recommend.
"Very professional. Very courteous. Although I called several times, they were also polite and accommodating."
i think that you all did an AWESOME job for me. everyone in the office was just GREAT!!!!! they helped me out as much as they could. i am very SATISFIED with the way they treated me. they were very knowledgeable with what i needed and provided me with that. i even tried my own bank and got turned down!!!! but now i can see where i  have to go to get help with whatever i need. OUTSTANDING JOB!!!!! 
They don't care about their customers as long as they get their money. They had ALL my financial information to pay off my credit cards that I was getting the consolation loan for and got it all wrong! And yet still expected me to make my payment even though it was THEIR fault! I asked for them to push my first payment back a month to make up for THEIR mistake and they refused. Because I still now have to make my payments to try to keep my credit up PLUS make their payment which was the reason I got this loan in the first place! To not have to make these payments for this month and just pay their payment. Now I'm in even more financial hardship due to THEIR MISTAKES!!!! And they won't write a check in my name so I can make the payment myself on the app that day to avoid all of this! They are very unforgiving and refuse to help or work with you!! I do NOT recommend using this place!!!! 
Excellent people to work with very friendly and professional. Would recommend them to anyone who needs a loan.
"WORST PREDITORY LENDER IN THE WORLD! When you have trouble with one loan payment, they offer deferment  with so many clauses and fees, that your total balance sky rockets and only pennies go towards your loan balance. Worst customer service of any financial institution that I've ever dealt with. Not a scam, but definitely takes advantage of people in a bind. Worst financial decision that I've ever made. Will be paying on a minimal loan for the rest of my life. Not to mention the lean on my car that barely runs. Zero out of 5 stars if it was possible. Yeah....you got me, OneMain. __"
"I have a loan with them I pay every month I've asked them three times to stop direct pulling money out of my account they keep doing it and costing me fees, I wish I could give them no stars because they are costing me financial hardship"
"I should have listened to the other reviews before trying their company. I got a call saying I was pre approved and should have no trouble getting the money I needed. A week went by without another word from anyone so I called them and was told my loan officer had already left for the day and I would receive a call the next morning. It's now almost a month later and still no call. I decided to use another lender that actually wanted my business and I got that loan, with better terms I might add. This company is a scam and I would advise against ever using them. I'm sorry I had to give them one star, but there are no negative star options. I'm just glad there are still loan companies that actually want customers out there. This is not one of them. "
I have the worse experience with this company. They have called my phone everyday until I have make a payment. After one day of being late they harrass you. And I have ten days grace period. This company is fraudelent my payment day is the 15th of each month now they said I agree that its the 4th of each month I never attest to that. They are not helpful the worse please save yourself a headache. Dont take the benefits either I did everything they ask over three months now they still havent honor it yet I am paying monthly for the benefits.
"This organization is not legit! I have realized some time ago that OneMain is over charging me! My apr alone is higher than most consumers in my tax bracket. I've expressed my concern in knowing this. The only option they have is to re finance, except more money in order to get your APR lowered! That does not make sense and it does not help the consumer! It's no way that this is fair! I'm so unhappy with this. This business is bogus and an overall legally robbing consumers that are facing this type situation! You should not be required to re finance! Except more money to have a lower apr after being proven a loyal consumer! I never missed a payment! My apr is 75% higher than individuals in the same credit bracket! I am being legal robbed by them! And this should be illegal what there doing to people!  "
This company has the worst local customer service I have ever experienced. After speaking to the customer service representative I asked to speak to the manager and was put on hold for 5 1/2 minutes and then hung up on tried to call back six different times no one would ever answer my call. Personally I think this company borderlines on predatory lending.I would say something good about this company but right now I just don't have anything to say thank you
"Where to start..was recommended from Credit Karma and over a year ago tried for a loan, submitted a bunch of information to be told they had financial issues that could not allow for the loan. Now fast forward over a year later to last week. Again recommend by Credit Karma (me thinking they should be ok financially now) so I apply, and receive a call next day from Jayden or Jared..something like that and am told it would need to be a secured loan I said ok. Then I would need to supply my banking information, Vin number for my owned NEW car, my pay stubs, and my insurance information. Was told once I upload he will call me back next day..I had to call him. He said everything is looking good verifies a bunch more info over the phone and am told I'll call you back later today. No call so I call and it is Friday he says it's looking good but continued to ask more questions and onfirming info. Then said he would call me either later or Monday. Now Monday comes wait till 4pm and call him, he's not there. Does not call back and finally today around 11:30 I call and get him. He says so sorry I got busy lets pull up your info. Says everything is looking good..reasks the same questions for the 4th time and states all is looking good and would turn it over to the manager and call me back. Finally he calls me back to say there is bad news and unfortunately they have financial difficulties and can not offer a loan at this time. So you mean to tell me it took over a week of collecting my personal information and they just now know that are broke and can't loan money???? Such a scam. "
"Fantastic customer service, very nice people that understand your needs. "
"Employee wasn't honest, refinanced my car under my nose was only supposed to pay my car off. They offered me $11,000, once I was approved they asked what I was going to do with the funds and I said to pay off my car. They offered to handle that for me but instead of paying it off they refinance it without my permission and knowing. We didn't discuss anything regarding refinance, I had automatic payments and was paying them $500 plus for over a year. I only found out when the va messed up my pay and the automatic payment didn't go through, they threaten to reposes my car but how if they paid it off. They wasn't suppose to refinance my car again without my authorization. Now I'm seeking counsel to get my title that I payed for almost twice, I am a veteran I served from 2001-2013 and this is how my country is treating our vets. I'm very disappointed and upset at the incompetence and unprofessionalism of one main employees. "
"As usual they were friendly, fast and efficient. Would reccomended them to anyone."
They worked with us to get us the money we needed.Professional all the way very friendly and happy a joy to work with you won't go wrong working with One Main Financial they are like family 
"Very attentive, willing to help and go the extra mile!"
I worked with Tequila at the ********** IL office and she made the entire process seamless! She walked me through each step of the process and we completed the transaction in one day!! Thank you!!!
Michelle ***** is awesome I've worked with her twice very professional she treated me with respect and very up front about everything very nice person
"Easy, fast and friendly process! We couldn't be happier with the whole application and customer service (******* Maine office)"
"I was working with a branch in **** *********, FL, I had submitted everything they asked for, more than once and every time I would call for an update I would either leave a message and not hear back from anyone or their computer system was down and they couldn't help me, then the hurricane came and their office got hit with power outages and who knows what other kinds of damages and I, too, had extensive damage to my home and was without power & water for weeks. I attempted to call the ******** office to see if they had access to other offices information and it just so happened that the office manager from the **** ********* office was working in ******** that day, so I asked to speak to her, but she had just stepped out. So, the lady took my name and number and said she would call me back, lo and behold no call back and still no call back to this day, I made this call over a week ago. I need this money now more than ever as I am trying to take care of my home and some of the damage that occurred from the storm and all of the food I lost because of no power. I need someone to talk to me and let me know if I am approved or not, that is all I am asking. I f I am not approved, I will move on elsewhere but I need a call back!!"
Only gave a one star cause isn't an option for none or negative. My original loan was bought out by One Main. They have the worst customer service in the world. In my opinion are predatory lenders. God forbid your late on your payment. Calling from 8 in the morning till 9:15 at night. 6 to 7 times a day even if you answer and tell them what's going on. I'm refinancing my house to pay them off and get rid of them. 
"I got a payoff monday for my car i was selling and all of a sudden by wednesday it went up about $200.00?  I read that onemain financial helps people with bad or fair credit? I don't know about this statement, because in 2 days my payoff went up $200 dollars? I believe i had 2 loans with this company and never have i missed a payment or been late. I left another review on another website and onemain financial asked me for some information to resolve this issue. I never heard back from them?"
"Not legit. Went through the entire application process, they did a hard pull of my credit...and made me some ""offers"" which only included dollar amounts. No interest rates, no terms, no monthly payment amount. That's illegal and shady. Super weird. When I spoke with them about it, they urged me to submit all of my personal documentation, paystubs, etc. I asked when I would find out the term, interest rate, payment since they pulled my credit. They said they do that at closing? I would never go close a loan without knowing the interest rate I've been offered in advance! Weird."
No reason an automated system should take 30 days to send the rejection letter explaining the reason why you were rejected. I called up to cancel the loan because I found a better APR elsewhere. Now I can't get that loan because of this company holding information hostage.
"The rates are outrageously high. Even if you pay off very early, you get stuck with an up front 6% fee and a huge chunk of interest. I have been waiting over 10 weeks to have my title returned. I paid the loan off Aug 3, 2022, and OneMain just notified DMV on Oct 11, 2022, to release my title. I'm looking at 13 to 14 weeks to get my title back. OneMain blamed technology."
I received a loan with the assistance of Crystal.  I got the funds that same day. She was excellent with efficiency and customer service. I would definitely recommend OMF. 
The people there were awesome and the loan was quick and easy thanks for the help
"One Main Financial has been sending me mail offers, one I apply they deny the application,this has been for about the 3 rd time. I called and the told me I needed a collateral (some kind of asset). After the phone call the still were trying to contact me even thru messages. is this a scam?"
"All of the representatives were professional, knowledgeable, and very helpful with the loan process! I will definitely recommend One Main to family and friends! "
"I had no problems with my loan repayment, one month I went online to pay, the method I always used and suddenly could not login. I called customer support, and they told me my email address was no longer being recognized and to get a new email address and start over?  What? I made auto pay arrangements which went smoothly until suddenly they stopped. The problems get worse. I was laid off due to Covid, I have been paying for insurance just in case something like this happened. I was sent to their inhouse collections, they easily offered me a settlement plan which was being auto deducted from my account again without issue. Then this stopped and I received a call from a woman telling me I was no longer eligible for this offer.  I cannot keep up with all of the convoluted changes. It is ten times harder to keep up when you have extreme issues with PTSD. I have no issues with any of my other debts, One Main why is this so difficult. I cannot even keep up; this has been so stressful.  I just want to make my payments and move on, just when I think things are moving forward, there is some sort of issue.  This has been a nightmare."
"Run NOW this is not a good company,<br/> <br/> So today I needed to get some funds, and I have had several loans with One Main Financial and have paid all of them off without issue.  Today I went online and applied and a lady from this office called me with the first name R.  She informed me that they needed my pay stub, DL, W2 and bank that I get deposits in.  I provided everything put the bank statement because I get paid with a live check which is on my pay stub.  I get a call from Terry ***** with a nasty attitude at about 5:30pm asking me for bank statement and ID.  I informed her that I get a live check just like Informed her co-worker and was told that was find.  They had me hunt down my W2 for 2021 and it all came down to them wanting me to have a checking account that I deposit my pay in which I do not have and that is way I was decline.  She became nasty by stating over and over we can not continue, and then stated that she had already cancelled the application and I will receive a letter explaining.  She was not understand, and she over talked me several times.  Run before they get you, I am now happy that I did not go with them.  I went to ********* Finance in ******* after I got off the phone with Terry ***** and her attitude and was approved and funded within minutes.  Do not do business with One Main Financial they will waste your time and decline you after you provide them all of your information.<br/> <br/> Recap: So OneMain Financial responded with a generic response.  They don't address any issues in my complaint.  Doing the application part I informed the agent that I did not have a checking account that I get a live check and was told that was okay.  However, after sending all of my documents they rejected my request because I did not have a checking account for direct deposit.  The did not address the managers (Terry ****** attitude towards me when I ask questions.  She just wanted off the phone to the next person she did not give a dame about my issues."
Stay far away. I got a loan there everything was fine . I used my car as collateral. One f my payments I used my checking account and I got a notice that my payment was late that it did not go through because the account number was incorrect. I called my One main local office in *************** *** Rd to make it right and was told because I just took out another loan that everything rolled over into one and I did not owe a payment yet. I believed them I mean why wouldn't I . Later that day a manager called named Kim who was very nasty about the situation. She explained to me that no one could of told me that. I told her who I talked with and asked her to listen to the recorded phone call . To make a long story short I had to go to her manager to get this straightened out.  I do not deal with this branch anymore there rude and they don't want to help you. I called today and go someone new to let her know what day I would be making my payment she laughed and said my manager has to have your debit card info for us to note your account. I explained that I never had to do that when I call your customer service 1800 number and she laughed again and said do you want to talk to Kim . I hung up the phone and called the 1800 number and did not have issues. The agent who assisted me said this is not the first time he has had complaints from that branch . They are very much ignorant.
"I started the Loan with Household Finance which was transferred to Springleaf Financial which changed to One Main Financial. I never had any issues with any of the three companies and paid the loan on time, maybe even a little early. Recently, we were making a real estate transaction and to our suprise, there's a lien on the deed of the property. I have been attempting to get this loan, which was paid in full 4 years ago, discharged from the deed. The different numbers I have called all lead me to a customer service represenative that appears to be working from home and reading from a script. ""you should receive a discharge within 30 to 60 days"". This is causing delays and possibly a foreit of the transaction. Very frustrating and dissapointing. "
The staff was very helpful and professional. I highly suggest the ******** missouri office.
"They were able to help me with a loan to get some much needed work done on my truck. The process was easy, well explained and such nice staff!! Thank you so much! "
"I think they are basically a title loan company with a fake facade. I thought i was using a reputable company. The pull you in with a fair 1st loan once they gain your trust, they will reel you in with a bigger loan you walk away not relizing you just signed half your monthly income to them. Sure they will work with you....that way your interest is accuring faster than you can pay it...i begged them to just come take my truck, but of course in the many years of the loan what I owe is now 3xs maybe 4 xs higher than value of my truck. I guess they are waiting for me to die then they can put a lean on my home...little do they know i was trying so hard to pay them I list my home....Now i just dont care."
Bruce was absolutely FANTASTIC! He made everything so easy and got things moving extremely quickly and efficiently!
"I've dealt with them numerous times and they have always been very easy to deal with and very professional. Fast, courteous,  and up front with me. "
"The lady who helped me was helpful, thorough and informative. But most importantly, I needed the loan fast and it was in my accounts later the same day. "
Barbra was excellent & professional  if she didn't resubmit our loan to get us more money & 36month payments instead of 50 months I would not have been able to pay off $5300. In credit card debt. Thank you so much Barbara.
It was quick and easy and all handled with the utmost courtesy and professionalism 
"I had a great experience with the team that treated me.  Everything was flowing quickly and successfully.  The result for me was excellent.  I felt very well attended at all times, kindly and respectfully."
Deidra has taken care of me 2 times!  Very professional & always please me. She's very knowledgeable & gets it done fast.  I have always had a great experience. Would recommend & will go back.
"I had a great experience working with Racquel on refinancing my loan. She was very, helpful, pleasant, and made the entire process very easy.   Thank you!"
Been a customer for eight years. Was spoke down to by a branch manager for asking if something could be done in order to see if I qualify but I would be able to provide the documents at a later date. 
"Terrible customer relations..abusive and degrading language leveled toward a customer, no corporate way to complain about negative incidents. will not return phone calls or messages, even when they are i regard to serious matters involving customers. Promises by customer service representatives to call you back are also not fulfilled. Just a overall feeling from the company that they care about your money not you."
Predatory business practice. Umil is only willing to push a loan forward if you are unable to understand him and will not explain how the loan process works. I was told that would receive a loan for 14 thousand. After the paperwork was finished was informed that I would only receive about 3 thousand. Very rude and derogatory customer service. Treated myself and my wife in a condescending manner when we called to ask about some of the details of the loan. 
Awesome experience..very friendly and quick service..was in a financial bind and they were right on time
This is my go to place to get a loan. I go to the one in ******** Ohio they are the nicest people and very informative. It is very quick and easy.
Sonya was very accommodating with our transaction. She helped us and allowed us to close the transaction via computer. 
"Sometimes you find yourself in a tough spot with unforeseen circumstances.  This company was super nice, helpful and  if you find yourself in a spot like that I would highly recommend them. "
Misleading information. Pre-approval for certain amounts given and will only continue with approval for the max amount. Resulting in decline in approval of any amount. 
Process was very quick and convenient. Took less that 48 hours to receive Credit  requested Associate very professional and helpful. Thank You
"Professional, friendly, and timely service.  It was a pleasure to work with the whole office. They were great. Thank you. Really helped us out. "
This was my second loan with Onemain. Jennifer was very helpful and professional the entire time. I would definitely recommend using Onemain to friends and family members.
"Very friendly, professional, and honest! Never felt pressured into anything. Explained everything in grave detail "
Never had any problems.Always  nice when I call or go in 
"I had a secure loan with one main, which I paid off. When I obtained a 2nd loan from them, they illegally used pictures of my vehicle from the paid loan, illegally obtained a registration for my vehicle and illegally obtained a duplicate title to my vehicle.  When I went to trade in my paid off vehicle for a smaller vehicle,  I was told there was a lien on the vehicle for over $10k that was placed by one main. When I contacted one main, the refused to email me the so called documents that I allegedly uploaded to them. I told them to mail the documents to me and that's when I knew that they illegally secured the loan. Fortunately I was able to explain what happened to the car dealer and I was still able to trade in my old vehicle for the new one. One main lied about giving me an unsecured loan in 2020 and they illegally obtained a registration and duplicate title for the old vehicle. Beware if you use them during difficult financial times. I will never use them again. They are predatory. They were shocked when I wrote a check to payoff the balance. Stay away from One Main Financial. They are crooks."
Nancy was very professional. Appreciate the help from OneMain. Thank you! 
"I have had so many problems with this OMF . As of today I noticed that again for the 4th time they have taken out a double payment from my account. I contacted an agent, at OMF, she then told me I needed to bring in a bank statement so brought in a statement which was only ebanking app, it was refused. She could see the double payment of 664.00. I then told her I needed this taken care of and the second payment put back into my account. I was then asked, "" is this a threat, do I need to call the police. "". OMF is a ripe off and is very unprofessional . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS FINANCIAL LOAN COMPANY TO ANYONE"
El muchacho que me atendi_ si no mal recuerdo su nombre es Kevin o kelvin fue muy amable y paciente a la hora de ayudarme y pudo resolver con mucha capacidad el prstamo que buscaba yo .. hay personas aveces que no entienden que por una u otra raz_n no se les puede ayudar y se molestan . Pero yo si puedo decir que el muchacho que me atendi_ a mi si ase todo lo que est en sus manos para ayudar .. Gracias onemain financial por tener personas como el que si asen lo posible por ayudar _____
It was great that you invited me to come in and see you. I will tell everyone that needs a loan thanks.
Staff in this office are friendly and knowledgeable.  Jennifer was helpful and personable and I would recommend One Main to my friends and family! 
Fell into hardship tried to workout new payments with one main and they refused to budge when it came to changing my payments. I have not been able to make my payments and found out today 08/30/22 that someone from One Main Financial showed up on the door step of an old address of mine. I attempted to pay what I could afford and they didn't want to help In anyway and now they are showing up At my old house.  
"After entering into an agreement in 2017, and making payments for 3 years - I encountered numerous health issues and even loss of employment.  Despite having the ""Insurance Policy"" to make payments for me if I was incapacitated or out of work, I was unable to EVER get OneMain to send me the forms to enact the insurance. They preferred to ""make an arrangement"" - finally I had it with their arrangements and said to the Florida 'Manager' in 2022 - When the forms for insurance were sent to my home address, I would resume payments...  Instead I was served with court documents (as I returned home from surgery no less) stating I was being sued by One Main Financial. They called my wife, even my children despite being told that there was only a single phone number for myself - they kept calling anyways.  Stay as far away from these people as you can. They are not your friends, as they pretend to be."
I love being able to do everything on line.  I was a ble to refinance my current  car line and upload everything needed.  It was totally easy.  OneMain has helped me more than once when issues arose.  I appreciate them always being there to help.  
"HORRIBLE.....I can't even begin to express how disgusted I am with OMF.  My husband lost his job due to ************ and then COVID etc.  I never thought I would be in a position of having to voluntarily surrender our vehicle, but we had no other choice.  I surrendered it, signed their documentation.  I took the OMF gal out to the vehicle in the parking lot, so she knew where it was and gave her the keys.  The vehicle never got picked up by OMF and was deemed an abandoned vehicle and was towed by a local tow company to their storage lot where it sat for 2 months and had racked up storage fees of $2,600.  I had no knowledge of this.  No one from OMF ever called me.....ever.  I called OMF after **** sent me notification of my vehicle being abandoned.  Get this.... I'm now told that because the storage fees are $2600, they don't want my vehicle anymore and I am now responsible for the loan balance plus the  $2600 storage fee.  How am I responsible for OMF not picking up the vehicle in the first place? The vehicle wasn't even in my care and control.  I'm so frustrated I could scream."
Excellent customer service! Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a loan!
Excellent and professional staff.  Very simple process and the staff was outstanding
"Horrible, horrible, horrible. After consistently making payments for years on my loan, OneMain offered me a Covid loan modification after losing my job towards the end of 2020 and reduced my payments for three months. OneMain extended me and set up new scheduled ACH payments for 2021, while cancelling scheduled payments at the old amount. Then, after accepting my new payments for 6 months, with no indication there was a problem, they cancelled the remaining ACH payments. They finally restored my ACH scheduled payments three months later, but inaccurately reported to credit bureaus the wrong scheduled payment amounts, did not credit me for payments made, and reported I missed three payments, harming my credit significantly. They refuse to review my complaint sufficiently, recognize their errors, and remove their negative reporting."
"I always use one main financial for all my needs , I would never go anywhere else .<br/> This time I went to the Ashtabula office and was treated great by <br/> Melanie ******** she was a tremendous help to me. <br/> Everyone at that office is very helpful and very good to customers <br/> I highly recommend them ."
"Absolutely wonderful experience, professional, timely and will continue to spread the info re One Main Financial as THE place for economic aid, particulalarly in these oppressive times.. My agent,  is an excellent representation of the One Main Financial Org. I can't speak highly enough re Sean. ** ***** This man has been a God send for me and my mom.  Thank you. 8/23/22, Michele ** ****"
"I was approve for a loan August 11, Regina suppose to mail off the pay off for my truck August 12th. My truck finance company call me August 22 stating my payment is late. The loan agent Regina said she mail the check overnight via Fed Ex on August 12. Fed Ex tracking said the check is still with the sender and advise me to contact the sender.<br/> I call Regina and Becky they told me they sent the check to the address Ion the pay off letter via Fed Ex. I reported my complant to One Main customer service department. The customer service supervsor ask Regina did she Fed Ex the check or do she still have the check. She replied ""yes I mail the check."" The supervisor ask Regina to follow up with me at the end of the day. Regina never follow up with me so I decided to drive to the ********** GA Branch office. I ask Becky and Regina to give me a update on the payoff. Becky told me they didn't Fed Ex the check August 12 and the check have been at the branch office all the time. Becky said they Fed Ex the check August 22.  They lie to me and the customer service supervisor. I call Fed Ex tracking and the check still hasn't been mail. Becky and Regina continue to lie about the status of the pay off check."
"I have been getting pestered by Onemain for over 1 year. So I was at a point where I needed to get some funds to tide me over until my Heloc loan in January 2023. I supplied them with bank information, documents and ID etc.. Received a call saying I was qualitied for $8600. They asked that I send further documentation and did two ""Hard Pulls"" on my credit. I supplied them with my most recent tax returns-2020, bank statements for 6 months, brokerage account information etc. Then they asked that I prove that my 2021 tax return had been processed. It had been submitted to the IRS April  2022 but has still not shown as processed. I sent a duplicate to the IRS last month. The IRS has informed me they are months behind for paper returns- it can take between 6-9 months. I had proof both were sent along with TaxAct documentation.  BTW- how can a company only use process-same year returns with the IRS in the rears? I offered to get them a copy from Tax Act etc.. then I was told that I would only qualify for $3000 which included a lien on my Suburban! Waste of time.. Very high interest rates! Untruthful and untrustworthy. "
"Probably the worse professional atmosphere I've ever been in. It took 3-4 days to get approved for the loan, having to submit more and more information that should've been done on the initial application. <br/> I go into the office to close on my loan, because that's what I was told. I had sent over, what I thought were the final documents earlier. I walk in and they put me in a office/room in the front. They tell me they will be with me in a minute. I'm in there for ten minutes and all I hear is laughing and joking around. It's only two people in the office. The young lady I had been talking with throughout the loan process comes in asking for more information, and that they have to send up for approval and underwriting. I was told it should only take a few minutes. 10-15 mins later she leaves and not saying anything to me. I sit there for a while longer, and The guy comes in talks to me and say hey I don't know how much longer it's going to be but you can leave and we can complete the rest online. I say ok and I leave. I was there for 45 mins and got nothing accomplished. Needless to say I didn't hear back from him the rest of the day. The young lady calls me the next morning to finally close out the process. She was laughing and joking around with her co-worker the first 2-3 mins of our conversation. She was laughing so much she put me on hold a couple of times. We finally got through the process and I was approved for the loan."
"I just had a lady, Shanley, from this company call, and request an employment verification on one of my employees. She then asked to speak to him. Turns out, she was purely calling for collection purposes but went through the HR department, under false pretenses to get a hold of my employee. I understand someone owing money and trying to collect but do not call a business and lie to gain information on someone you gave a loan to. Extremely unprofessional and I am not happy about being deceived to gain information or access to an employee. "
"This organization is truly a blessing to work with.  They are courteous, great services in timely manner.  Strong recommended to anyone.  I would certainly be a long time customer..."
"If I could give them 0 stars I would.  I called the 1-800 number to get the payoff amount, on June 29 I was told the payoff amount was $161.17 and I would receive paperwork in the mail showing the account was paid in full.  I never received the paperwork so I checked online to see if I had a $0 balance.  The balance was still the same.  When I called on 15 Aug 2022, inquiring about the paperwork I was told that payoff amount was for June 29 and they received the payment June 30. Which is crazy because I paid with my debit card.  The Rep informed me I now owed $41.75 because of interest.  I paid it but I don't think that was fair and I will never do business with this company again."
"Great customer service, very professional,  wonderful people skills, very straightforward process. "
This was my second time using this company and once again the process and the customer service I received from my local Danville office was outstanding.  
The service rendered by One Main was outstanding. They understood my concerns and was very helpful. They were very professional and experienced. I will definitely refer their services to anyone that I know in need of assistance financially. 
absolutely fabulous came in early he worked on it all morning and it was awesome experience thank you 
Their process is great and they work well with the customer 
I contacted One Main since I found I had a collection from them. I do not recall getting a loan from One Main. Iwas told to dispute this including submitting a police report for fraud. Yet they still maintain I was the one that took the loan in December 2017. I have tried NUMEROUS times to settle this matter yet they keep telling me to contact their attorney (Kathy #####). She is terrible in returning calls as well as emails. I made one last attempt to offer a settlement which after 3 business days has yet to respond. Everytime I call One Main they keep referring me to their attorney stating its out of their hands now. I wouldn't get a loan from One Main since they definitely DO NOT put the customers needs before the companies. I figured a company would rather get some payment than none at all even if a person maintains their innocent. I 
"I have used the ********* Pa office for obtaining several secured loans in the past 15 years. Since 2018 I have used my 2011 fj Cruiser. The truck has appreciated in value since new. I decided to pay off the loan and get my title back, sell it and get a house. I paid the loan off expecting the title back in a few days but no title. Call after call saying they are checking, they would call back. Then a few months later they told my wife to fill out a form and send to them to get a duplicate title and she did. Every call to find out where the title was ended in them acting bothered. They never returned our calls like they said they would.  Fifteen minutes on the phone with ********** and I knew they were lying. These people are nice as pie when originating a loan then that's it. They simply want your money. Now I have to finish this up myself to get my title back. I strongly recommend going elsewhere when you need money."
"I have sent the local branch ""br4394"", the proper legal documentation necessary to change my name on my account over three times and they have clearly chosen not to perform the legal change."
"I have been with One Main since they were Commercial Credit. For the first time after many loans, I decided to add the disability and unemployment insurance due to my age. Unfortunately, July 1, 2021 I had a freak accident in which I have been placed on total permanent disability through December 2022 and I am waiting to hear from SSD. Prior to my Injury, my account was always paid on time, I am very disturbed because I am using the service I paid for and One Main Solutions have not been paying my account on time and not the full payment. This is causing my once current account to be late with an unpaid balance. I also receive calls from One Main reps and was asked to pay on the loan. I am not receiving what I purchased and it feels like a scam and this added stress is not helping with my recovery. I would like to know what government agency I can report this inconsistent service and also in my opinion a breach of contract. One Main reps tell me they have no control over the disability payment and that One Main Solutions is separate. I thought I would start here. To pay extra for insurance on top of a high interest loan and to see that over the course of the year, the loan amount is not moving and the service provider not providing full service is a problem for me. In addition, I give the the doctors note and they make me fill out a form every month in order for them to pay anything. If I send the form in before the 18th of each month they pay a portion and I was told I could not send my form in until after the 18th of each month, my payment is due around the 20th. Do I report this to the BBB or FTC? I have not worked over a year and ONE MAIN SOLUTIONS failure to pay my account/disability insurance  and keep it current like it always has been is unacceptable. I am tired of fighting these people, the stress is not helping with recovery. I want all of my payments paid on time in full each month after all ""I am paying extra for the service""."
I attempted to secure a loan that one main financial did a hard inquiry for i didn't receive the loan however i was approved else where. When i called to have them email me the letter of Declaration starting that i was told they didn't actually have one and that i just needed to dispute it with the credit agency I then called Equifax and they told me that if i did it that way it took 2 years to come off. So i setan email or message again asking thento email or text me the letter of Declaration and have not yet hard back again. I called the spokane branch where i was told they just don't do anything like that. Never again will i ever apply at one main financial
The repo team needs to work on their communication. I get told an update on my car would be 3-4 hours by one rep. I call back and then am told it could be up to 24 hours. Do you want my money or not? 
Predatory Lending!! Got loan 6 years ago made monthly payments of $500+ and loan amount is still 4 times the amount of original loan.
"During covid the government put into effect if you call your creditors for help they are supposed to comply and help,, so I called one main just loke I did for ""6"" other creditors for help, one main told me they wouldn't help, due to the fact I didn't have the loan long enough, so they back marked my credit all the way till we settled on a lesser amount just a few weeks back, they just totally destroyed my credit, <br/> The other 6 creditors,  *** I had 2  credits, a auto loan and a credit card, ****** I had my mortgage, ******** I had 2 department stores credit, **** *** and **** *****,<br/> And 1 from ******** Bank department store card, they stopped payments and didn't hurt my credit, they all worked with me all the way till I got back on my feet and I was able to pay my debts...<br/> ONE MAIN is the worst and most horrible, unhelpful, uncaring and cheating creditor company out there"
Is the right place to be when you are indeed of financial support 
"I am an existing customer (have been since 2013) and I applied for a small loan $1500 just to get me thru a rough patch this month at the Leland site in *********** NC ***** W **** Dr ***** ******* NC XXXXX)  As a professor, we work no hours or short hours in the summer.  This summer I am only teaching 2 classes.  In the spring and fall I teach anywhere from 5-7classes. I reached out to One Main as I already have an account with them to help me over this bump until classes begin at the end of August.  i was told the manager did not wanna approve the loan due to the ""questionable"" time on my UNCW pay . . . I teach there every fall from August to December. Therefore, my last stub was from Dec 2021, but I teach at Cape Fear Year round and i have a third job as well.  I was still denied and it just made me feel like they feel I am stealing money from them when they ALREADY HAVE AN ACCOUNT WITH ME . .  this is not a new account.... they are ALREADY GETTING PAYMENTS FROM ME MONTHLY. This was just an ask gesture to get me over the hump . . . I guess there is no loyalty in being a long time customer with them."
People Do your homework when applying for any loan. I had assumed my son had researched  the information for this company when he asked me to cosign a loan for him.Shame on me for not doing my homework. He was paying 25% interest and I only realized that when I checked my credit report. He made payments and his balance was higher than the original amount. We went to a Credit Union and they gave him a rate of 9%.. There are options you have other than this ridiculous interest rate from this company!! Please educate yourself!!
"The loan officer n ****** IN was most helpful, process application & approval was super fast."
They did a wonderful job for me and I am very pleased with  them great customer service 
Couldn't have been better first class all the way the ladies were friendly as could be 
"I can't believe I thought I picked a company that had my back, it states it on their website! I am in desperate need of a payment modification. Their website clearly states they have options for wage loss, unforeseen financial hardship and illness. My mom passed away on 3/21 then my dad passed on 5/29, my son has to have emergency surgery on 7/5 and my car got totaled on 7/11. I was stressed but at least I knew one main financial would have my back in these hard times.  I thought I was all set up. I applied a few months back, got a call before my due date to set everything up. The trial payments were set up and the last said ""your good to go, if you want a permanent modification, just call back after the trial payment on 8/13 is processed"" I kept looking at the app, I saw the trial payments set up as planned but it was showing that I was passed due. I called the office and of course was told that the other lady never submitted the application. So now I'm late. I have mountain high debt already from my parents deaths, my credit cards had to be maxed out to pay for their body care. So when I called again, the other lady said, she didn't submit it but I'll go ahead and do that. Call back in a few days to make sure everything has been updated properly. I called back yesterday, was told my modification application was denied, because I according to my check stub, I had to have a 35% decrease to qualify! I'm furious. How is maxing out my credit cards and having to pay my mom and dads body care and my sons surgery and all that, not considered income decrease and why would the lady set me up and send me on my way making me think I was approved. This company does not have your back even through unbearable moments like what I'm going through. In these times of high stressful moments I thought I could at least breathe with a smaller loan payment. I was screwed over and now I've fallen deeper into depression because of them. "
"This company is doing phisy business. I don't think Applicants information is safe with this company. Maybe it's the employees am not sure but something is wrong.I didn't even intend on applying for a loan. I was sitting peacefully on my couch and the mailman drops a mail and it's OneMain Financial. They soposedly are a loan company with astronomically high rates. I applied for a loan they told me I was already pre-approved for in the mail. I said why not I'm already pre-approved right. I was wrong! Then they tell me to upload all sorts of documents which I did even though they were unnecessary. I do understand KYC laws but the information they request just to complete an application is a lot considering laws governing the collection of  PII and other user identifiable Data. They asked for my ID, I uploaded, they asked for my bank statement I uploaded, they asked for proof of SSN either my SSN card or W2. It's no brained that anyone will wannwr keep their social safe especially the card. my SSN card is confidential and I have never had to upload that just reading it out is usually enough for all my previous applications, I uploaded my W2 regardless. But of course they wanted more. Kept insisting I upload a copy of my SSN card. And the tone was not funny at all but nerving and annoying So my question is if you have all you need to Identify a prospective client why they to take information that is not relevant. I don't trust my SSN like that."
"I was real happy with service I received at One Main.  Everything went smoothly, when I signed the papers and the money was put into my account. "
They give loans at crazy high rates and even after paying the loan for years the balance never went down.  I am contacting an attorney as I feel like the loan was predatory and the balance on the loan was inaccurate.  Do not get a loan with them!!! In the end it is not worth all the fees and extra interest they charge.
"I think One Financial is great. Great Customer Service ,Great Experience and Great Solutions . Zuleyma was brilliant and i'd highly recommend to my family and friends. She deserves a raise if she didn't get one all ready a real asset to this company I'm sure if its is but she made it easy for me and still does not a scam she s worth it and im a happy customer. "
"**WARNING** PAID IN FULL, NO TITLE!<br/> I paid my car off in Jan 2022, and my account was in good standing throughout my business with them.  It is now late Jul 2022 and i still do not have my title.<br/> <br/> One Main Financial dropped the ball in correcting an error that was made at their ******** TX office #4200 formerly on the West end of Westheimer Rd.  I completed a change of address about three years prior to my payoff but they sent my release of lien to the DMV with my previous address on it.  So, someone else 5 mi away is sitting in a parking lot with my title hoping to score a Lexus convertible.  By the way, I get regular solicitation mail from them but I cant get my title sent to the correct address.<br/> <br/> Instead of offering to fix the error, and get my title to me they want me to take off work to go into the DMV, take a number, wait to be called to the window, and PAY AGAIN for my title.  I say send the supervisor of the person who made the error to go stand in the line to get my title and deliver it to me.<br/> <br/> They have zero accountability or sence of ownership for their failure in this matter, but I'm not letting it slide.  The operations executives, board members, and shareholder should be made aware of how poorly their business is being conducted in the field.  <br/> <br/> ONE MAIN FINANCIAL,  I WANT MY TITLE.  YOU OWE ME A TITLE SENT TO THE CORRECT ADDRESS.  ITS IN THE CONTRACT.  YOU ARE IN BREACH.<br/> <br/> CC: Alberto ********* Executive Call Services-Shelly"
it was a wonderful experience to work with Maya from the ********** SC store
They will steal your money and then claim you never paid.
"Got a secured loan with them (car is collateral) was told while signing the terms, that I could come back in 4-6 months after to get my car back and make it an unsecured loan. Went back in and was told that I needed to pay $4,000 to get my car off the loan. Now I'm 1 year and 2 month into it, and haven't missed a payment and it's still the same story. I'll be happy once this high interest loan is paid off, because I certainly won't use this company again, and do not recommend them to anyone else."
the person that i worked with  tyler was very helpful and polite
"They are false advertising loans. Telling potential customers they are already approved and having them come in just to tell them they don't meet all requirements after all. People travel to them sometimes they even have to travel 1hour just to come in. Guess what one main financial group, it's time to retrain and stop wasting peoples time and hard earned money.  False advertising is just criminal . It is my opinion that you are a predatory loan company "
"I RECENTLY FILED AN APPLICATION ON LINE FOR A LOAN.  I NEVER RECEIVED ANY RESPONSE; SO MY HUSBAND AND I CALLED THE 1-800 NUMBER AND TALKED TO BIANCA.  BIANCA STATED THE LOAN WAS NOT COMPLETE; SO WE AGAIN GAVE OUR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS, AND OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION.  BIANCA TOLD OUR WE WERE APPROVED FOR MONEY WITH A  CAR FOR COLLATERAL.  BIANCA TOLD US WHAT ARE PAYMENTS WOULD BE AND FOR HOW LONG.  THE NEXT WEEK WE WERE CONTACTED BY BRANDY AT ONE MAIN IN ************, MS WANTING US TO UPLOAD DOCUMENTS.  WE COLLECTED NEEDED DOCUMENTS AND ATTEMPTED TO USE LOGIN TO SEND INFORMATION.  WEBSITE WOULD NOT ALLOW US TO UPLOAD DOCUMENTS.  WEB SITE KEPT SAYING WE HAD ALREADY UPLOADED DOCUMENTS.  AFTER REPEATED PHONE CALLS AND MULTIPLE EMAILS,  BRANDY TOLD ME TO SEND DOCUMENTS TO HER WORK EMAIL.  FINALLY AFTER A WEEK OF TRYING,  WE WERE STILL UNDER THE IMPRESSION WE WERE APPROVED ALL OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WAS ENTERED INTO THEIR SYSTEM.  WE WERE TOLD WE COULD CLOSE THE NEXT DAY.  THEN WE RECEIVED A CALL STATING WE WERE DENIED.  CREDIT KARMA APP WAS WHO PUT US IN CONTACT WITH ONE MAIN, SO OUR CREDIT SCORE WAS KNOWN AT THE VERY BEGINNING OF THIS PROCESS.  VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS COMPANY.  WE WOULD HAVE NEVER GIVEN OUT OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IF WE HAD KNOWN WE COULD STILL HAVE BEEN DENIED.  AFTER OUR DENIAL, BRANDY STATED YOUR APPROVAL WAS ONLY A SOFT APPROVAL ONLINE.  WE TOTALLY GOT MISINFORMED BY THIS COMPANY."
"It was a real pleasure getting a loan with the excellent help from Wincy *********  <br/> She's a real asset to your company, and I will recommend her to anyone that I know who needs a fast loan. <br/> Wincy is also, a very endearing person, and very efficient.  <br/> Thank you, <br/> Margaret *****"
Jason was awesome! Very friendly & helpful. Thanks OMF for ALWAYS coming through!
"Smooth processing, good service from my loan processor as we worked through the details made sure we closed and funded on time."
"Lack of communication, i had to call every time i needed an update. They told me i could transfer application to a closer office but then said i couldn't close there...so i had to send it back. Took all of 3 weeks just to finish application even though i sent in ALL documents first day. So many employees seem like they just don't care to work. "
"I called, wanting to be removed from their mailing list. Was on hold over 8 min. No one ever answered. I hung up.. Tried to opt out via a different number, but they wanted my SS#. No way would I do business with these people. "
"I have received a loan from them previously and when I decided to refinance or re-apply for another loan in ***** Hawaii branch, they would play around it. It seems like they don't have any clear communication with one another. I have to continuously call for updates and it seems like they're getting annoyed with me too. I've added a co-signer and sent necessary documents, but still no update at all, you have to initiate the call yourself. I really need the money for medical emergency, but it seems like they're not willing to help you."
Everything went through smoothly as far as processing the loan.
They helped me every step of the way by explaining things to me. They took the time to answer all of my questions and they were not in a hurry to get me out of the office. I am very happy that they were able to give me a personal loan. I am glad I went. 
"Do not get a loan from this company! I have been a long standing customer and pay my bills on time every month . I paid an extra 600 when I got my tax returns to pay down this debt. I went online and for 3 Months paid what I thought was ""extra"" payments toward my balance seeing that the balance due read 0.00 for three months . I paid 750 and my balance did not go down because it went to interest . I just wasted 700+ on nothing . I am horrified and so disappointed . i was told i needed to read the fine print ... in these tough economic times it's these lending companies that screw you over and don't treat you like a human . Absolutely disgusted and angry . You should be ashamed of your company ! Never again will I trust OneMain . Oh and trying to get in touch with my branch in ********* NH , good luck it took me over a month of calls and e-mails to reach anyone ! Poor customer service , Rip off company !"
"Just got off the phone with Brian in ******* MD. Brace yourself for a long story. <br/> I took out a 10k loan last summer. The ACH comes out every month. No problem there. In May my job ended and will not resume until August 15th as I am a teacher and do not get paid during the summer months. But since I bought the insurance I thought I would be ok. I called OneMain right away and they told me that 1) they would take me off of auto pay (which they did not) 2) I had to be in arrears in order to defer. <br/> One month later I call the insurance company after I am one day late. She tried to explain to me that part of my monthly payment would be paid by them after I apply for unemployment insurance. Again, I did not get fired so I cannot apply for unemployment insurance. She then tells me that she doesn't know what to do? I tell her neither do I and ask to cancel my insurance. The insurance amount that I paid went to my loan, $103. Fast forward to setting up the deferment. I call again. Set up the deferment and receive my letter in the mail saying that I was granted BUT I would have to pay for the deferment. WHAT?! A lot! $269. She never told me this as I would NEVER agree to this outrageous practice. <br/> Fast forward to OneMain continuing to overdraft my checking, continuing to call me. I call Brian and he says that he will refund me for the overdraft (he did not and claims to ""not see my emails"") and refund me for the deferment since they overdrew my account while I was traveling. Literally had to call my sister for gas $. The calls continue. I call back. When I ask Brian what are my options until I start my new job in August his response was ""you will be in collections by then."" <br/> So, I have an appointment with my bank to get a home equity line of credit so I can pay back OneMain and be done with them forever."
Great team!  Always pleasant and easy to work with nice that the office is local.
The process was easy and a good experience. Loved all the options they gave me.
"Considerate, professional and efficient. Made the process worry free.  Pleasure doing business with them. "
Forcing extra fees. I was doing a loan. First it was a $150 AIG insurance. Then after I did that they added some $350 state to state tax. Then when I said no let's cancel and then Mr. **** would not cancel. Then said I would have to pay another $100 to cancel. This is feeling fraudulent.
"I'm very disappointed with OneMain  Financial, I have been paying on my loan for 3 years, on time. I have a little over two years on the loan, I wanted to refinance for a lower interest rate but was told my interest rate would be higher, the payment basically would remain the same and it would add 2+ years to the loan. This is crazy when my credit is better from when I  got the loan. At this point, I'm ready to be done with them and won't be recommending anyone to do business with them."
loan representative made the process easy and was very polite as well. Thanks
Have helped me solve a variety of financial  situations over the years..they always find  a way to solve my problems..very friendly staff..relaxed atmosphere..plenty of seating..convenient location to feeder road..thank you
It was great until 1 week later when money was pulled from my account 1 month early!!  I received an apology for their error and then the steps I would need to take to get the $190 back.  Steps I have to take???  I didn't make the error.  I am confused why a reversal of funds is so complicated_
They were great. Made it a very easy process.<br/> They even help you all the way through.<br/> I wanted to add to my previous Rating. Mckenzie in the Pensacola office was a pleasure to work with.
"I went to the one in ****** *** tx, and they made the process super easy. everyone was very friendly extremely helpful and happy to answer all of my questions. I would recommend them to anyone who needs a loan. -Chelsea"
"My experience is always good, One Main is my go to place.  Faith is awesome and goes the extra mile to help me se and decide what to do, very good experience and would recommend completely "
"I had a mortgage with Springleaf Financial in 2014 which I sold my house and I paid them off but this account is still on my credit as if I didn't pay them off, this is the account number and all I want is for this account to come off my credit, I paid for this because I sold my home just to pay this because they said the interest was compounded daily and they threatened to do a short sale. I am really upset about this still hurting my credit. "
This was the worst experience ever. I was approved for a 12k unsecured loan on June 20th . I provided all the necessary documents that was asked for. On Tuesday they proceeded to try to direct deposit the money in my account when they discovered they had used the incorrect ss# with my name. So the person was hit with a hard inquiry on their credit report without even applying for a loan. Then they proceeded to run my credit report twice. Which gave me 2 hard inquiries.I then proceeded to supply them with my ss card and a utility bill for my identification. Mind you the loan was still good under my correct social. On Friday I spoke with a supervisor Ms. Pam who informed me I needed to provided more paperwork that should have been provided at the beginning of the process. She gave a very nasty attitude because of their mistake. I would not TRUST this company with any personal information. Very UNPROFESSIONAL _
I want my information completely removed from the database that this scummy business uses! I have NEVER applied for a loan with them and I NEVER would. STOP sending me your junk mail!
Ive always had a good experience working with Lori from the St. Clairsville office. She has always been extremely knowledgeable and friendly.
The whole process was convenient and easy to complete.  Staff are professional and friendly.  Interest rates are good.
Beth on Main St in ********* SC is the best
one main was good loved ashley ******* very friendly and a pleasure to work with
"Couldn't be happier with  my refi! Shane was extremely helpful and courteous, explaining every step. Will definitely recommend. "
They took care of me in no time at all. It was a quick process and I received my money before I was able to make it to my car in the parking lot. Overall great company with great service! 
"Excellent service, Got my loan quickly with a great rate."
"Overworked, incompetent employees all around. A secured loan was approved for $5,00.00. I provided all the required paperwork to consolidate two credit cards. At the final stage, the loan officer stated that I had to change my insurance deductibles from Zero Comprehensive and $250 for Collision to $500.00 or up to $1,000.00. They need to learned insurance deductibles to understand what it means. I got so mad that I walked out of the office in ****** ***** in NPR, FL. Now my credit is even lower because of their inquiries. Thank you for all the time we wasted. I recommend not doing business with this company."
"I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY FOR ANY BUSINESS !!! They are nice to your face, but if you ever run into any kind of life problems and can't pay them, they DON'T CARE. I'm an ICU Nurse and became sick during the middle of the pandemic in 2021, had a very hard time, couldn't pay. They DID NOT work with me or help me. And to top it all off.... they still reported me negatively on all 3 credit reports.  Now, I understand I owe a debt. I understand I am fully responsible.  But, they claim they will work with you, but turn around and still give you a negative rating, which makes your financial situation worse.  This year my car was totaled by a hit-and-run driver. My loan was almost completely paid off by my insurance company, over $5,000, leaving me with a little over 3 payments to get away from this company forever.  OneMain demanded I pay my monthly payment that was due a week later. Here I was with a car that needed tons of repairs, and I needed to pay the Salvaged Title fees.  I informed them about my situation, and a few months later they sent me a form to fill out for a loan adjustment with a deadline, so, I thought great, this will help..... But, no, it doesn't help.  And reporting me to all 3 credit bureaus continues.<br/> <br/> Our country is a bad financial place right now, many people can't pay for food and gas to get to work. This company will go after you no matter what. Beware. Be Careful.<br/> <br/> I'm looking forward at seeing this company's financial future.... And I look forward to the day I pay this all off.<br/> <br/> Regretful customer,<br/> Elena ******"
"5 star experience,  these people were right on time.  They had all the answers when the question seemed impossible. "
Great problem solvers!  Jerry ****** was very quick to get my loan!
It's a scam I was loan 5000 dollars and I called office in ********* Iowa and at first he said it was 4900 to pay off then he said 5300 dollars and at when I went to look it up online it was 5500 dollars yes it is a scam
"Brought all paperwork in, husband had been out sick from work and needed money. Told we were preapproved and only needed title, then his last two paystubs then registration.  After all that they turned us down saying we didnt make enough. But yet we did at first"
"Fast, easy, efficient. Christina in Las Vegas really helped make this process smooth from start to finish, and the deposit happened within hours of application completion. 10/10 recommend OMF."
"I filed a complaint in January 2022 with no satisfaction. I told them to take me off their mailing list that I never wanted to see another letter stating, ""Carol, let's find a loan for you"", for up to $10,000! That's exactly the type of letter that led to my sensitive information being stolen because of there negligence. Well guess what?? Just got another letter for me to apply for a loan up to, you guessed it, 10000. Still a predatory lender. Stop harassing me."
last year i took a $3500 loan with this company and started making my payments well a year later i noticed that  my balance was still higher then what i had borrowed so i decided that i would pay it off. The payoff was 3608 and this was after a year of making my payments every month. I think this company nothing more then a sham company that takes advantage of people who can't get a loan from a bank.. i would not recommend one main to any one.
"They were very friendly, accommodating and made the process extremely easy. I highly recommend them."
Simpsonville Office...Excellent!!! Were very professional and handled everything in an understanding way. I have a serious hearing problem and they explained everything to me. Thanks
"I really like One Main Financial. They have always been efficient and treated me with the utmost respect. At the Conroe location, everyone has always been pleasant, understanding, and kind. I would highly recommend them to anyone who is trying to rebuild their credit and needs financial assistance."
"Was told I was approved for a loan. I sent in all my very personal information about my car, my ssn, EVERYTHING! Never heard from anyone, I was making the calls to them. Finally was told that I was declined. Was transferred to the ""EOCC"" or ""Executive Office of Customer Complaints."" And guess what, it went right to voicemail, AND THE MAILBOX WAS FULL!!!!!!! The ""Supervisor,"" laughed at me. They ruined my life. DO NOT TRUST THEM!"
"Very timely, really. It was very appreciated . Everything  was smooth and understandable."
It was FANTASTIC! Dawn was so kind and made the transaction as fast as possible since I had a special needs child with me. I cannot recommend enough. 
"The process of getting a loan is fast and easy.  We have worked with Susan before and she is friendly, caring and very helpful.  Susan is wonderful , she's the best!"
"One Main Financial Group helped me when no one would. The process was quick and I received my funds the next day. If you need a loan, check One Main Financial first, they will treat you will respect and explain everything about the loan. I thank everyone for helping me with my loan."
"Bait & switch, predatory lender. On April 15, 2022 I submitted my information to Lending Tree, and was offered several loan options through OneMain, Prosper, and others. On May 23, I selected two OneMain loan offers at 14.99% for $11,000/36 months unsecured, or $14,500/60 months secured. After submitting my application, I received offers of $10k @ 14.99% unsecured, and $14,500 @ 14.99% secured by my vehicle or home. When I replied to an email from Sereena of the **** ******* FL office I allowed OneMain access to my Chase checking account, but when I spoke to Sereena she said no documentation had been uploaded to them by Chase and asked me to manually upload docs. After several unsuccessful attempts, I secured an email address from her, attached PDF & JPEG files of recent tax return, bank statements, SSDI award letter & driver's license and sent them to her. An hour or so later I was contacted by Steven, Branch Manager who offered two loans of approximately $9,600 @ 23.95% interest for 60 months. I declined as OneMain's rate was higher than the credit cards I sought to consolidate and payoff. BAIT & SWITCH! AVOID AT ALL COSTS!"
"Good Morning, I've been a customer for many years, and kind of dissapointed that I haven't been able to get a loan or to refinance like a big amount to fix my house and pay off some debts. I mean I always recommend people and this is what I get. Thank You"
Was very helpful and enjoyed the time and spent there and it was easy to get what I needed out of my loan thank you and I appreciate it
Great service and communication. My Rep was very nice and explained everything well
"We love one main. Brian is understanding, helpful, and goes out of his way to work with us. I cannot recommend them enough!"
"They suck,don't use or refer to anyone,they are a predatory lender with high interest rates even with good credit.. Scammers don't use..you been warned!"
Not what I expected after showing excellent payment history will not be financing with one main anymore 
Was very last minute for our wedding and they helped me out a ton! Highly recommend. Super nice and helpful. Explained everything so I knew what I was getting. 
"The entire team is helpful and friendly. They let me know what the best options that were available for me to choose from, and it was very simple."
"Marie was awesome! She was very professional and fun at the same time! I would recommend this company and Marie! Don't hesitate to give her a call today! She lowered my interest rate by 15+ points, lowered my payment by $30, and offered me more money than I ask for which will come in handy at this crucial time. Thank you Marie and thank you OneMain!"
Omg the best experience I've ever had. She was very knowledgeable kind fast she cares 
One Main was awesome in helping me get a loan although my credit isn't so great. They jumped thru hoops helping me. I can't Thank them enough! 
"Everything went excellently well, it was much needed! I was able to get what I needed done. "
"It took forever, there was no communication when documentation wasn't the approved type. Then when I was trying to get my money no one could give me a check. All around once this loan is paid off I will never recommend one main to anyone and I will never use this service again"
Worst company ever! I have not missed a payment at all!  I had one returned check. The BRANCH MANAGER started calling my phone back to back I told him the funds would be available tomorrow and I will pay them he interrogated me about why can't I pay today instead of tomorrow he acted confused about me having a job when I asked him to not call during certain times  He authorized a FDP without my permission 
I originally had a loan for 8000 dollars been paying 322.00 for 2 years no late payments cthey called me in Dec 2022 wanting to give ne alone. My balance was over 300 at the time . They loaned me 100 dollars and now they say I owe them. 60000. How can you pay over 7000 in two years on a 8000 loan  get a 100 loan and now owe 6000?
"It's absolutely astonishing to me that this company can withdrawal money from your account when they weren't supposed to and then give the customer the run around when you request a refund. I recently did a pay date change and was informed my next auto payment would not come out until May 17th. May 1st my account was over drafted due to them taking funds that I did not have because I was informed my next pay date would be May 17th. I requested a refund and had to gather ""evidence"" of THEIR mistake and was told the money would be put back into my account. I called again on Monday May 9th to follow up and was told it would be back in my account in 1-2 business days. The money still did not come today, May 11th. I called to see why and was told I am receiving a CHECK, not deposit, or the refund amount. I was told the ""evidence"" I submitted was not sufficient for a deposit into my account. They NEVER informed me of this. If they had, I would have gotten whatever they needed. Now I am overdrafted on my account with no end in sight until the check comes in 10-14 business days. Leaving my bank account in the negative, affecting my history with my bank, and hindering chances of future financing because now my bank account is in the negative which normally does NOT happen with me. This company does not care about their customers. They just want to take your money and refuse to make it right when they make a mistake. I will most definitely be looking into a new company for a loan to pay off my Onemain account and not have to deal with their fraudulent ways of operating. I do NOT recommend this company. "
"Took out a loan, paid it off in one month's time. They wouldn't close the loan because they didn't collect interest. After repeated attempts to close the loan through corporate and the local branch I gave up. Two years later they've called repeatedly to collect a debt without giving a balance. They won't update the account to show the payoff but my bank shows it. Everytime I tried to make contact to the branch manager Claudia ""she didn't show up to work"". As of yesterday they called my place of business and stated who they were looking for me. This act is illegal in attempting to collect a ""debt"" of which there isn't one. This is a scam. I will be contacting the attorney General today. Do not work with this company. The ones who give good reviews are desperate with bad credit. They don't know better and this company scams you into thinking it's safe. Not safe, and not worth it. You will lose more than you gain. Please do not work with company. And Shame on you BBB giving them a false A+ rating with a 2.6 star reviews. The consumers deserve better!!!!"
Received fast efficient service.  April was professional and gave me what they said. No problems would recommend this company. 
One main makes those of us who may face some life issues and credit issues feel at ease and do everything they can to accommodate the needs of its customers.  I am always impressed with their customer service.  
Your company has always been there for me thank you so much and the young lady that helped me was amazing p.s. sorry I'm bad with names
"Con artist and scammers own this company there employees will lie and cheat and steal from you they offered my wife 2,500 and she has dings on her credit report but I have no derogatory remarks on mine and no late payments for any other of my accounts then hit me for 84 points on my credit score the offered us 1,500 what a bunch of crooks and scammers stay away at all cost or you will end up getting screwed over "
Worst service ever. Sent my car title as collateral and they only approved 1/3rd car BlueBook value and kept the title. DON'T do it... find a professional and respectful firm. 
This place is a bunch of crooks and scammers. Said one thing then never followed thru. Stay away from this company as they will rip you off. This company need to be looked in by the IRS and FBI for fraud and deception.
Complete waste of time they call me offer me additional funds for a loan I have never once missed a payment in like a year of being customer so they waste about 40min of my time asking all of my info to tell  me you are not approved for a new loan so thanx for nothing  why the **** did you call me<br/> Stay away from one main loan
Lin and all the Employees at the **** Street Branch in ************ VA. are Very Professional. Answer your questions so you can understand them and take their time explaining everything to you. Everyone at this location deserve 5 Star's.
The young lady who assisted me was wonderful GREAT customer services skills!!  Over all entire process was fast and excellent. 
They are always nice and willing to go the extra steps to help customers.
They are some of the nicest people you will ever do business with they were just awesome. First time I ever went in somewhere and wasn't a nervous wreck they made you feel welcomed. 
They were willing to help me with a loan that I needed very much 
"Worse Loan company ever! If I can give 0, I would. I have been a customer for almost a year now. Never missed payment, I pre-qualified for an amount of $12,000 on a new loan. They told me my income has been verified and needed my social security card uploaded which I did. They needed my paystub, which I submitted. After days of going back and forth with me, they told me I been denied loan for no reason known to me. Waisted my time and have access to all my personal info. Please Becareful in dealing with a company like this! "
"This company is nothing but a loan shark. I never missed any payments. They took money that I had paid in and signed me up for erroneous company's. I already had home insurance thru USAA today. for years. When i received the paper work from this company I was livid. , I had to call the company and get a refund back from them and they only gave me a third of what one main sent them on my behalf. Another one was for accidental insurance that expires on 05/22/22 I never received any paperwork from either company for what I was signed up for until last week. I paid my loan off in full but wait they added another 200.00 dollars to the payoff amount even though I paid off before the due date of the statement.  I will never recommend anyone to borrow from this company..<br/> They double talk as far as a rating goes they get 0 from me. I have already contacted USAA today to let them know what kind of a company they are recommending to consumers. If there is ever a class action law suit against this company I want to be there. The stress and the mental anguish this has caused me is real. People need to be alert and be aware when dealing with one main financial.<br/> Laurie ** *****"
Amazing!  Fast and friendly  Very helpful my agent was very knowledgeable and thorough in explaining the process.  Answered all of my questions without hesitation.  I applied and received my loan all in the same day.
Went very good. Stress free and I felt I was in good hands
"While I am grateful for the secured loan my husband and I were able to obtain through this company, I am HIGHLY disappointed in their billing practices. We are on a fixed income and pay our loan payment faithfully at the beginning of each month when we receive our disability and VA pension benefits. Because we were enrolled in auto pay, we needed to call each month before the original due date to cancel the auto payment so that we would not be paying two payments per month. As a fixed income family this would be a hardship. We requested many times to have the direct pay feature turned off on our account, but to no avail. On more than one occasion we have had double payments drafted from our account and due to their ridiculous policy of refusing to refund the payment until it hard posts and we can obtain a bank statement to prove that a second payment was taken, we spend days waiting for our money to be returned. This occurred again last week and overdrew our checking account and we were charged a $35 overdraft fee due to One Main's inability to follow simple customer service related requests. Now I sit here this morning frustrated again to see that One Main Financial has taken yet ANOTHER Apayment from our checking account and has essentially stolen funds that I intended to use on a car payment this morning. I will be calling the office about this, but I know I will be met with the same garbage that I need to wait until it hard posts to my account and then supply them with the bank statement and then wait some more time for my money to be returned. Meanwhile, my credit will suffer because my car payment will be late. My advice is to AVOID this company as they do not care about their customers life circumstances. They are quick to offer you a high interest secured loan but that is where their true interest in the customer ends other than stealing their money straight out of their bank account when they've already received their payment for the month. Disgusting."
My loan processing went very smoothly. My representative was very knowledgeable and polite. I would definitely refer this company any loan services!
"Now I recognize I've made some pretty bad decisions financially. Working with OneMain financial is not one of them. I know that when I was younger I was pretty much living off of credit and I really never plan to get injured or get hurt but when I did I kind of lost everything and it ruined my credit. I'm still pretty bad at planning for the future, but I've been able to consolidate my debt twice now using one main financial. Lmao<br/> I know I probably shouldn't laugh but in all honesty, I usually make overpayments. It helps me save on interest. I pay more than what I'm supposed to and more often than I'm supposed to. Anytime I have any extra cash it goes towards my loan. I have removed 13 bad accounts from my credit. That's not even an exaggeration. 13 bad accounts. People I owed thousands to. I used a credit report to get the contact information and I negotiated settlements myself. I was able to pay back so much debt because this company took a chance on me. I genuinely do appreciate that from the bottom of my heart. I would recommend them to absolutely anyone. The interest rate is tough but again you can avoid having to pay so much interest if you're just paying ahead. Pay as often as you can. Always read the contract no matter what it is. Always read what you're signing. Ask whatever questions you can. I have never called one main with a question and got turned away with no answer. I always get assistance when I need it. I appreciate that too because customer service matters. I see so many negative reviews for things that are pretty easily avoidable or fixable. I understand having an issue or having a complaint but if you reach out and you genuinely give people a chance I think they help you and they do the best to resolve the issue. At least that's the case in my experience. I appreciate OneMain so very much. The process is quick and easy. I did it all over the phone. They made getting help simple and clean."
"Says it's for folks with bad credit. Turned me down after initial approval (that I had first passed on, that was my fault.) If my credit was good enough for approval end of March, why isn't it good now?  Misleading advertising "
"Horrible experience. I was in need of a loan last minute. This company offered me one at the price of refinancing my vehicle with an added $12+k in interest. Against my better judgement I went through with it. I needed the money soon and chose direct deposit to avoid delay but turns out the women assisting me in the process mid-entered my account number. As upsetting as this all was, I decided on day 3 since signing that I would cancel and was told by an ""Angela"" that I had 7 days to cancel the loan so I did. Turns out that they've put this on my credit, are sending me emails and messages that I've missed payments when I've indeed cancelled such loans and believe I've signed paperwork stating such. Today I'm informed I basically have to take the loan now and I'm furious. This company will call saying I have missed payments, twice in one day calling after already explaining the situation. This has been a complete nightmare! Do not do business with this company. "
Excellent wuick service. Unfortunately my bavk was against the wall and needed the money to pay IRS. Reason for this statement. The interest rate is extremely high!!!!. Other than that excellent quick friendly service
"I went through Credit Karma to request a personal loan.  OneMain Financial came up stating my odds were outstanding to receive a loan of $1500. Unsecured with a certain payment plan listed as well as the APR charged. It stated to click to accept the offer. So I applied. They then came back with an offer of a secured loan of $11,000.00.  Which I did not apply for a secured loan nor did I want a secured loan. So they hit my credit with a hard inquiry and refuse to remove the inquiry, when the product they are offering me is not even what I applied for. It is a different type of loan. I want the hard inquiry removed off of my credit. I requested it removed when they contacted me. The gentleman from the Amarillo office stated I had to call a 1-800 # which he provided to me. I called, the representative passed me over to another representative without notifying me that someone else would be coming on the line after placing me on hold who then stated that I would have to speak to the customer complaint line. "
Mr Dave and Mrs Rebecca are the best they make sure you know what you getting into and you don't feel you have to sign. Also when I'm out and about and happen to run into them they always ask me how's things going and never mentions the loan always asking about family and is everything going fine. The interests rates are kinda high but when there's an emergency one main is my go to place thanks 
I did a Car title loan the worst mistake even though i am making my payments i requested to have my due date changed they refuse to do that i was told this type of loan is a daily interest loan and if making payments on different date makes the loan late. I explain why I can't make payment on the date they have chosen It still does not matter. Refusing to work with a client is not what any business should do nor make it harder for a client to be put in a position where your car would be taken if you do not make payment as they have schedule. This has caused a great deal of stress for me and i never had to deal with a company like this. Please do your research with this company before you decide to do a title loan with them.
"I am extremely frustrated with One Main Financial.  Back in December of 2021 I had an emergency with my pet that left me only able to pay $50 that month toward the loan.  I made to sure pay them SOMETHING even if I couldn't afford the entire amount that month  When you log in there is a form you can fill out that says you are unable to pay the full amount this month but can going forward.  I filled that out several times in December.  In January I resumed paying the full monthly amount and have paid the full monthly amount every month since.  However, to this day I am getting several calls a day, and they even call me from different locations so the phone number shows up differently.  I do not understand why they even have that form on the site to fill out if they are just going to harass their customers with calls daily.  Even after I pay them hundreds of dollars I am getting several phone calls from them the day payment, and some calls have been back to back.  Incredibly irritating.  I understand if I didn't pay anything at all, didn't fill that form out to alert them, and just avoided paying for months on end.  But they clearly see I am paying and just had a bump in the road in December.  They are relentless.  Avoid them. "
"Quick response, helpful knowledgeable people,  makes you feel very comfortable"
I've only had this car for 2 months and the card was locked due to suspicious activity I've been calling every day for a month now and no one can help. They keep saying I should receive something in the mail to unlock my card but nonthing has came it's been a month my card has been locked and nonthing no help at all. Im closing this credit card beware this credit card is a scam. I strongly advise against getting this card.
"The ********** location is an absolute joke. Absolutely DO NOT recommend doing business with that branch, personally. Very predatory, and the loan process felt rushed and uneducated. Rushed into signing everything we weren't even sure about, when we were told we were approved for so much but then the amount was cut down drastically, we were trying to say no but felt strong armed to take out the loan. Covid hit, as well as a pregnancy and we did start to struggle a little bit, but when they would call and harass us multiple times a day, my husband would give them a date we could pay, we felt belittled and had interrogation as to why we couldn't just pay then and there. They finally called me at work during a rush, and I firmly and politely told them I cannot take personal calls at work, to which I received a verbal warning from management over. Shortly after, I was on maternity leave and got MULTIPLE messages from co-workers that people were calling and asking for me, despite my asking them not to contact my workplace. We got sick of the unprofessional attitudes and are now summoned to court over something piddly the employees were too incompetent to work with us over. Absolutely, positively, do not recommend regardless of how desperately you may need the help. I personally feel like one star is too much. Hope this helps anyone and everyone considering in the future. Thank you."
Irene  was awesome! Loved working with her and she saved us money!
Everything was great best way to borrow done very personal had a great experience would recommend to anyone who wants to get a loan fast and with great personal care 
I don't appreciate being lied to .I asked a question several times and was told one thing but later discovered I had been lied to.Plus I has another costumer's copies of their information in my file when I got home so I am wondering who has copies of my information.I am very upset.Tried to work this out with but with no satisfaction.
So far so good you guys was fast giving the money that I need it and I love that so there anybody out there that has okay credit good credit they even say bad credit please apply this is a great company to deal with I love
RUDE. DISRESPECTFUL. POSSIBLY SCAM PRACTIVES  I APPLIED FOR A LOAN WITH THEM ONLINE. WHEN I FINALLY GOT TO TALK TO SOMEONE AFTER BEING TOLD THEY ARE TOO BUSY. HE DIDN'T HAVE ANY OF THE INFORMATION I PROVIDED AT TIME OF APPLICATION BUT HAD OLD INFORMATION FROM A COUPLE YEARS AGO. DID NOT REVIEW ANYTHING I PROVIDED AND WHEN I ASKED FOR A MANAGER. THE MANAGER TOLD ME HOW HE HAD TO STEP OUT OF AN INTERVIEW TO TALK TO ME. THE MANAGER WAS RUDE AS I WAS TRYING TO TELL HIM WHAT HAPPENED WITH THE FIRST PERSON AND TOLD ME THEY DON'T HAVE TO PROVIDE ME WITH A LOAN AND HUNG UP. WHEN I CALLED BACK TO ADVISE I WOULD BE FILING COMPLAINTS. THEY PICKED UP AND HUNG UP. 
"I summited a loan application. I spent a lot of time going back and forth with several representatives who requested new documentation that I uploaded. Each time  they assured me that that was all they needed. Everything should be approved today. Waited and called back again and was informed that my application was declined. I discussed the concern with a supervisor who stated that it was company policy. We reviewed all the comments and notes that I had regarding: income,  short term disability ( due to back surgery), , photo I'd, Social security card, etc. The decision to turn down my application based on their company policy could have been avoided well before I submitted an application and had my credit pulled. The fact that several employees were not aware of their loan application guidelines is embarrassing. One Main Financial is NOT a legitimate professional business and should  be avoided at all costs."
One main financial is a predatory lender. I have had a loan from them that I desperately needed and appreciated at the time to replace the transmission on my car. However I have paid every payment on time since the inception of the loan. They call me repeatedly wanting to offer me additional money to add onto the loan. Never mind the incessant amount of junk mail from them that shows up offering and trying to persuade me to take out more money. All the while even though my credit score is over 100 points higher than it was when I took out the loan with them they refuse nor are there even any options to reduce the interest-rate I'm currently paying. Stop contacting me to add money onto a loan with an interest rate that is absolutely ridiculous and does not even reflect my current credit status. 
They know they have you from the get go and have zero interest in your well being.  My car I used is worthless and not driveable.  It was paid off. They have my title. They refused to help me which only led me to take out more money to get it fixed which turned out to also be a mistake. The only solution they had was to go to one of the dealerships they deal with which only sells lemons with more miles then my own.   My stress level is through the roof now.  I cannot tell people to stay far enough away from this company.  Utilize literally any and all other options to get your finances in order.  
I thank they are a legal scam lender. They charge high interest rate. They also sent my title an old address. Told me. I can use an affidavit as a title. They sent my title to a former address. I have to pay $55 to PennDot to get my title. Really! They are unorganized. I updated my address 2 yrs ago. I will never ever deal with them again. 
"One Main Financial delivered by being responsive and proactive to my financial needs. The representative who processed my request was professional,  patient, and treated me with a ""people first "" attitude. Her performance = _+."
"A truly remarkable positive experience. My loan adviser walked me thru the process  quickly and without drama. All my questions were answered in a knowledgeable way so as to make sure I understood and was happy. I got the loan that I needed, and funds were available the next day! The follow up to the closing of the loan is also a plus. I can honestly say I will be a recurring customer in the future when shopping for a loan. Thanks..."
Tyler did a great job getting it all together. Very professional.
"Excellent people to work with. Very professional, knowledgeable and friendly.."
"Applied on line, very easy process....received quick response. Christine was exceptional! Very helpful, informative, caring , professional and kind. Would highly recommend Christine and One Main to my family and friends!"
My experience was great. My representative  was very helpful & explained everything!
"Applied online. Was sent an email of approval with different offers. Chose my offer & uploaded the documents & they did a hard pull. They sent me an email saying to call them. So I called & she offered a 60 month loan, when I asked for the 36 mos term on my loan (which was originally offered to me & I chose that one on THIER website) Now they are saying they ONLY HAVE 60 MONTH LOANS & she says she has never heard of. 36 month loan through them & they only offer 60 months!! WHAT?!?!  So they dinged my credit with a hard pull based on a lie of terms that don't even exist in their products, to get you in the door. All based on false premises. I am going to file a fraud complaint with the bureau for deceptive & fraudulent consumer practices."
"I would never recommend this company, they added on so many premiums that I don't even remember adding myself also I just paid off my full amount from my loan and when they sent the statement it absolutely made no sense I was suppose to get refunded the amounts I paid for my premiums which they stated I did but nobody can explain the breakdown. I spoke to three different reps, the first hung up on me and the other two literally said they don't know how to explain this to me so I was suppose to be transferred to a manger or insurance department which took me to voicemail. Nothing about the payoff added up to what the statement said and the fact nobody can explain what I'm being charged for is ridiculous, this was a very unpleasant experience and I would never recommend,"
"This is a terrible credit card company. If you have bad credit you can get approved, but they don't take care of the customers at all. They took a payment off of my debit card, then told me the payment didn't go thru, then when I check my bank I see the payment did. Called back spoke to a supervisor who told me they couldn't see it and there was nothing they could do w/o a statement from my bank. Got them the statement, they confirmed they had it and told me it would be fixed. Almost a month later the payment is still not applied, the ""back office"" who handles the payments is unable to be contacted and won't contact me and the supervisors continue tell me, ""it will be fixed we just don't know when"". Unacceptable. Stay away from this company, because even if you are making your payments and making them on time you will still get screwed!!"
"Tasha was very professional, knowledgeable and friendly! She started the process and completed it within 3-4 days.  I would recommend working with Tasha at One Main any time! Thank you "
"I couldn't ask for more. As usual, you always provide excellent and expeditious service. Very pleased. "
Very happy with one main. Loan agents were very helpful and professional. Great personality *********** Md. Engler rd. office Thank you very much.
One main got me in a loan 2 years ago.   Paid off my car that would have been paid off by now.   Securing a loan with a 2005 Hyundai that is worthless.   I would have had the title had I not let them pay it off.   The loan balance is at least 7000..... The car is worth 500 if I am lucky and not drivable right now as it is too costly to fix and inspect.  YET they will not release the title to this car until the loan is paid off..  41 more months of holding my worthless car hostage.  The keep calling me to refinance the loan and then turn me down because there is no value to the car they are using as security BUT will not release the car title so I can sell or junk the car.   I have never missed a payment in two years... Except deferred payments but they will not release this car.   I will pay this loan off and do not recommend one main to ANYONE for a secured loan.   Buyer beware!
"I WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY EVER AGAIN AND WILL NEVER REFER ANY ONE! STARTED OFF WITH A $2500 LOAN WITH THEM. I WAS IN NEED AND THAT PROCESS WAS EASY. MADE ON TIME PAYMENTS EVERY MONTH. THEN IT WAS BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION I COULD REFINANCE MY AUTO LOAN AND GET AN ADDITIONAL $1500 ON MY REGULAR LOAN. I WAS TOLD THIS WOULD LOWER MY MONTHLY CAR PAYMENTS AND MY INTREST. I WAS TOLD THIS WOULD BE AN AUTO REFINANCE. OK COOL. COME TO FIND OUT WHEN I WENT TO TRY TO TRADE MY VEHICLE IN I COULDN'T. THE MANAGER AT THE DEALERSHIP WAS CONFUSED WHY MY LOAN WAS FOR SO MUCH. INSTEAD OF DOING AS AN AUTO REFINANCE, THEY DID IT AS A PERSONAL LOAN FOR A LITTLE OVER $16,000! I HAVE RECENTLY HIT A FINANCIAL HARDSHIP AND I REACHED OUT TO THEM AND EXPLAINED THE SITUATION. THEY TOLD ME IT IS ON ME TO SELL THE CAR TO GET A CLEAR TITLE AND I AM STILL RESPONSIBLE FOR THE LOAN. I KEEP GETTING THE RUN AROUND, PEOPLE KEEP TELLING ME THEY WILL CALL ME BACK AND NEVER DO. I WANT TO GET THIS RESOLVED BUT THEY ARE NOT WILLING TO HELP AT ALL!  WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN THEY ARE GIVING YOU THE RUN AROUND AND NOT CALLING YOU? IT'S CRAZY BECAUSE I REALLY NEED THE HELP AND WANT TO GET THIS RESOLVED! BUT YET HERE I AM. PLEASE NEVER EVER GO WITH THJIS COMPANY FOR ANYTHING!"
"I was approved for and received a Brightway Credit Card through OneMain Financial. <br/> <br/> Prior to my approval I had to fax verification Information to them including a copy of my driver's license, my social security card, a utility bill, and paystub. Eventually, my card arrived and I immediately paid my annual fee through ACH transfer by my bank.<br/> <br/> Four weeks ago, my card was flagged by an internal department for fraud. Each week I've called requesting information to be told I should have received a letter detailing what was happening. Mind you, this id only 2-months after opening my card and paying their costly annual fee!!!<br/> <br/> Today I called to be told a letter would  ie be sent in another 14 days, which brings us to 6-weeks but to remember to pay my bill on April 2nd. <br/> <br/> I asked to speak to a manager to be told that ""NONE"" were available! I then asked for the number for Corporate Compliance to be told there was ""NONE."" This company is governed by FDIC rules and is required to have a Compliance Dept., right? <br/> <br/> The Rep then said a manager was available and would take my call. He again refused to give a number for Corporate. He refused to give me a number for Compliance. He then apologized for the ""misinformation"" provided. ""Misinformation?"" I have been told multiple stories with dates four weeks ago!"
"The TLDR is that this lender is PREDATORY.<br/> <br/> My wife and myself applied for a car loan and dealt with OneMain Financial at the XXXXX ********* ******* location in ******** TX. The loan would have been $9000. Our credit is good, and they decided to give us an interest rate of 20% over 42 months. She told us our payments would be $310-$390/month (or somewhere around those numbers). This is completely absurd. <br/> <br/> They are preying on desperate people during these times when people need more fuel efficient cars to work. If you look up the average APR on a used car for somebody with good credit, it comes out between 9-15% at the worst. People with the worst credit would get like 17%. So we're getting an interest rate WORSE than people with BAD credit. Not sure what kind of backwards company this is, but I recommend never getting a loan from them if you know what's best for your financial well-being."
"You all are awesome, so helpful and nice I love one main financial "
I would rate One Main on ****** Lane 110%.  They provided an excellent customer care type<br/> office.  It was very quick and easy to receive my funds I had requested.
They mislead me on the loan for over a week. Kept asking additional information and pictures but never told me the loan requires me to have them pay off my car then pay them back. Not once until I called and started asking questions did they mention this to me. I was given the run around for DAYS when I could have gotten a loan from someone actually trustworthy
I supplied my paystub which I printed at work. When the representative looked at it she stated it had been altered.  Her attitude toward me immediately changed. I explained I printed it directly off my work website and I did not alter it.  She stated she was trained to recognized altered documents and she stated she was looking at one. The rest of the call went downhill from there. I will never recommend this company to anyone. If your printer is off you will be accused of being a liar and treated like ****.
"I will say the staff is very professional when I called to get something fixed. But, that is the extent of giving this business a compliment. I changed my bank account online and deleted an old bank account (as the online help stated I should to change a bank account) and they continued to take money out. When contacting online support they stated the correct bank account was on there and next month should be no issue. This continued for two months. I inquired charges on my old bank account because they still continued to take out of my old account and upon calling, the representative told me that my new bank account was not on file.  Do not trust what anything online says with this.company. Call and speak with a representative if you have an issue and document, document, document. "
Very simple and quick process.  Extremely helpful and professional staff.  
"Everyone was very polite, professional and helpful. I would recommend One Main Financial to anyone needing assistance. They worked fast and made it very easy to complete the closing process. GREAT JOB"
"Gabrielle was my loan agent. She was very helpful, professional and I enjoyed her and the branch manager that I worked with. "
Very polite with great Customer Service. I went in for a small loan and they were able to get me much more which allowed me to pay off several high interest credit cards.
This place has always been helpful.  They're the best always.
Smooth process. Very professional and friendly staff. We only just took out our loan so we will see how it goes. Thank you for the help!
"This company is such a ripoff, I don't see how they are allowed to be in business. I paid my account in full of $14K+ before my next payment was due. My account reflected that I owed $0 for 2 full weeks and then all of a sudden its showing that I owe another $300+. No one wants to own up to the fact that the system is flawed and that the company is screwing people. How do I owe money when my account reflected a zero balance owed and due? Plus they sent out 2 emails stating that my account was paid in full. How do you send receipts of a paid off balance if there is still money owed? This is the worse company ever and I advise anybody not to get any money from them."
The staff at One Main Financial Group were very professional and courteous.  I got a second chance at life thanks to the work they put in to get me approved.  I recommend this company to anyone who want to straighten out their lives.
"I have had a number of loans processed through One Main Financial and I have yet to be disappointed. They are extremely helpful, understanding and efficient. No question is ever left unanswered and I would recommend them to anyone in need of cash fast.  Simply said, they're like a friend in need, indeed!"
"Great experience. Quick, easy, professional, from start to finish. Steve ******* was very helpful, explained everything. I would recommend One Main to anyone facing financial challenges."
"I thought everyone in there was very professional.  I did not have to wait long since I went on my lunch break,  The Customer Representative that helped me was Gail.  She explained everything step by step.  I would recommend other people to get a loan there and I will again as well.  My overall experience I would rate them a 5 all the way."
I am very dissatisfied with my service.   I had a loan about 6 years ago that got charged off -  I paid the loan off via a settlement thru the collection agency.   It shows on my credit report that it is paid in full for less than the balance.   I know I made a mistake but had lost my job back then.  Fast forward to now -  I applied for a loan with my husband - got denied instantly by the system because I was on it -it said I had a charge off.     I tried calling several numbers and no help at all - no one knows if there is anyway to fix this in your system.    I called my local branch back to be told by Laura - that well we can't help you - guess you are banned for life from here - try getting a loan somewhere else.   Wow!!      So one main doesn't give people second chances or understands that people can change for the better.     I only applied there as it was recommended to us.   Can't wait to tell the person who told us you were great - how awful it was!!!    Especially the banned for life statement. 
"READ YOUR CONTRACT!!! I REPEAT... READ YOUR CONTRACT!!! THEY WILL VERBALLY TELL YOU ONE THING BUT THE CONTRACT WILL SAY SOMETHING DIFFERENT. Here's what happened to me. On 12/27/21 I was approved for a $6000 loan but I only accepted $1500(I didn't want to get in over my head). My first payment for this loan was going to be due on 2/1/22 in the amount of $72.79. However, on 1/14/22 I decided I needed a little bit more cash so I decided to call and see if I could get an additional $2500 added to my original loan. They said sure, it wouldn't be a problem. All we would need to do is refinance the loan. But before they could start the refinance, I would have to make the first payment to the current loan (even though it wasn't due until 2/1/22. Keep in mind it's only 1/14/22). They let me know once the Feb payment is made, the refinance will be approved and my  new payment amount of $147.04 would be due in March since Feb would be considered PAID. That seemed fair to me so I made the Payment of $72.79 on 1/14/22 to cover FEB. and they started the refinance for me right then. Here's where the problem starts. Feb 15th rolls around and my bank account was hit again for the new amount of $147.04. I immediately called because I was told the first payment on the newly refinanced loan wouldn't be due until MARCH since I had already paid the Feb payment. I finally spoke to an agent and they said well your contract says your refinanced payment is due Feb 15th. I tried to explain to them that is NOT what I was told when doing the refinance and I had already made the Feb payment EARLY on 1/14. So why would I have another Full payment due in FEB.? They insisted on just going with what the contract stated and took NO accountability that an agent gave me false information verbally . I asked for a manager to see if they could listen to the recording and the manager said it's above her pay rate and to reach out to corporate.  Now I'm here. This is a VERY DECEPTIVE COMPANY. STAY AWAY"
"The easiest loan we ever incountered, fast friendly and efficient. The representative that  helped us Abi, was very knowledgeable and quick to the point on all transaction. "
one main was polite gave us our loan we have no problems talk us through the process great job 
Great customer service and support.  I can always count on you for emergency situations and for that I thank you.
They helped us tremendously by giving us another loan! Made it easier to finish making plans to go watch our son swim for Team Wisconsin at the 2022 SO USA games in Orlando! Thank you!
"I had a loan with One Main Financial, **** ****** GA. During the loan process, they were great, very polite. However., once the payments started they turned into loan sharks, if you are one day late they start calling and threatening, I paid this account off in FULL January 31, 2022, and I am STILL waiting for my title. I called yesterday asking where my title is and all I got was rude service....DO not use them! High-interest loans will cost you too much, not to mention the rude customer service!"
"I signed up for one main Financials brightway credit card and it has been disappointing at best. After I got the card I tried to sign up for their app. Apparently when I was younger I applied for a one main product but never went through with it. Well this created an account with them and now I can't sign into their web services Or app as I don't know what that account info is. On top of this when I call to use the phone payment system it's down have the time. I have called customer service multiple times to try and make a payment and resolve this issue and I never get help. I called today to make a payment, phone system wouldn't let me, so I spoke to a representative and he said he couldt take my payment and to call back. I asked for his supervisor and got transferred to a state farm agent. Hiw that happens I don't kniw, but it's just terrible service. Tha k goodness my due date is a week away cause it seems like it's gonna take me that long just to pay my bill. I highly don't recommend this company."
"I approached OneMain after losing my job. received a letter from OneMain stating that I was approved for a reduced payment and that my first payment would be in March 2022.   OneMAIN deducted from my checking account without authorization. My account now has a negative balance due to this non authorized transaction which also amounted to a NSF fee.   I also stopped Auto-Payments last month when I notified OneMain that I was no longer employed! I did not authorize Auto-Payments or this Payment!!!!  This is unacceptable- I expect this transaction to be reversed, and my $28 NSF fee to be reimbursed immediately!   Bridget   My intentions are to report this to every consumer monitoring and complaint entity!"
Worst experience when I took out a added loan . I called to make a payment after calling the 1800 number to see why they didn't take my January payment out of my account because it had been over a week and they told me they could not find the checking account. I called the branch in my city to make it right explaining the above. I was told I did not have a payment due because they just closed on my new loan and it was all rolled together. They then said no payment due till March . I still went ahead and paid 200 on my loan. I get a phone call from Kim with a very nasty attitude telling me I owe the payment . I explained to her that I called and spoke with a agent already and what I was told . She then try's to cover up there mistake by blaming me . Finally she says it don't matter it was a big misunderstanding here at the office . I then tell her I paid 200 so I don't owe the full past due which they took out of the same account that they said they couldn't find before. Kim then says nope that went towards your payment that isn't due yet. Not only am I behind and I never have been but now they want more money from me. Never will I work with them again.
"Pam, Steve & Tom are a true credit to One Main  Reason enough to keep coming back<br/> <br/> Respectfully;<br/> <br/> John P. ******<br/> ********** Pa"
"The first time I dealt with One Main, I didn't like them. They wanted to use my car for collateral because my credit was bad. I was upside down on my loan so I was turned down. I thought since I only wanted like 3000 their terms were ridiculous. But anyway my credit improved and they contacted me about a loan. I came in and they offered me 2500 unsecured. If I used my new car as collateral they would loan me more. I took the 2500. A few months after establishing a payment history them they offered me more money unsecured. I redid the loan with more money now I'm back on track and can easily repay what I borrowed."
Excellent service. Tasha was superb. The process was effortless. Thanks
"My loan experience started out bad, over a week to initiate, with Anna. But received a call from my Branch from Jenny. She was friendly and so helpful. She picked up where Anna left a mess, but everything finished smoothly. Very professional and pleasant to work with. We finalized the loan in about 2-3 days. Thank you very much Jenny! "
"Was an extremely positive and great experience. The assistant manager, Judy ****** ***** helped with the process of me applying and completing the loan . Judy is awesome and friendly and a plus to One Main Financial. Overall very, very happy and satisfied."
Very nice people! Thanks Anita! A lot better in person then trying to do it online.
Very nice representative very quick and efficient thank you one main financial
The process was very easy. No issues at all.     Very happy with the smoothness of my refi. Would refer to anyone that needs a little extra cash.  
"One main is the absolute most horrible company to take out a loan from!! If I could give less than one rating I would. In 2015, I took out a $2000 loan nothing too much but when I was almost done paying they offered more  in 2018 which just an additional $1500 okay no big deal. Ummm bad deal, never missed a payment and somehow I'm and somehow in 2022 my overall pay back is $16,000. That's a cost of an car. They are a fraud and I wouldn't definitely recommend them to anyone!! They are rude and not helpful at all. Oh not to mention, when I requested my original contract and the second one, I ended up getting 4 different contracts. This means that One main refinanced my loan without my knowledge to get more money because there's no way I owe $16000 on a $3500 dollar loan. Oh yeah I know because I later found out the percentage was 35%. Highway robbery and a scam!!!! I hate this company!! I will never ever deal with them again or recommend them. People will never get out of debt dealing with this company. The only way people will not have to deal with them is to take a hit on your credit because there's no other way out with them."
Great customer service!! Very efficient in answering questions and follow up. I love these guys!
Sandy was very very helpful. Walked me through the steps. Super polite and patient!
A little expensive but I read everything and expected it. Great place for a loan when others didn't want to lend it.
Gave me an offer with a soft credit pull once they did the hard pull they told me it wasn't possible. My credit is already terrible. I was using this to help repair it. Thanks for making it worse. Not cool. STAY AWAY!!!!
Doing the loan online was such a pain. I will NEVER work with them again and would give the experience even lower than one star. However when I went through my local branch it was a breeze. If you are considering a loan fund a local branch. 
"Lies, Mislead and more lies.  Got a loan for $7400 and some king of way jump to $16000.  Now I have to save up to pay the $7400 all off at once, just to get this LOAN off of me.  Lies and Mislead.  Please stay away from this company ONEMAIN FINANCIAL.  PLEASE!!!!!! "
"I wish there was a negative rating. I opened a loan with them at the end of 2019 in the amount of  $8,300. I took a look at the website so I could track all my payments to them. I can only see back through Dec. 2020. But last year alone I paid them a total of $3,094.92 with only $325.14 going towards my principle. This is highway robbery. Yes, I did make late payments, but still. That is ridiculous. I feel like I am being taking advantage of completely. They call you multiple times a day from different numbers and won't stop unless you make a promise to pay.  I moved from VA to SC in May 2021 and back from SC to VA in October 2021 and all they did was offer me to move payments to the back of my loan. Not to mention the fact we are in a pandemic, they have not made any effort to help me pay off this loan down. They of course have me at the highest interest they offer 35%. Here I am 26 months into my loan and I still owe them $7,800. I called them yesterday 1.19.22 expressing myself and to see if there is anything I can do and they offer me to refinance for the first time in the 2+ years I have been working with them. They prey on the unfortunate and I promise you will end up worst off taking a loan from them. Figure out another way. "
I applied for a loan and when I did my paperwork I thought I got the insurance that covers you if you become unemployed or disabled. When I called to use the insurance I was then told I didn't have it. I'm disabled with no job now. 
"Excellent service, agent was great how she handled my loan. I definetly will recommend one main to my friends."
"I was greeted and served with upmost respect and high professionalism. My needs were addressed and met with beyond satisfaction and expectation. The staff at the location in ******* were very polite, experienced and knowledgeable. I will definitely look forward to continuing my business with 1MF."
They are very helpful and professional. Never felt judged either for seeking help. Definitely there for your needs! 
Great service from the person I had. Very friendly ppl there and very professional 
"I was contacted by my rep to refinance an existing loan.  I was told I was approved for $9,000.00 based on the verbal information I provided.  The rep said she would just need to pull my credit report.  She contacted me the same day and said my credit report looks good, do you want the maximum amount of the $9,000.00?""  I said yes, so she assured me she'd get to work on it.  After I downloaded the information requested, I was contacted the about two days later to say I was only approved for $4,500.00 unsecured.  But, the rep could not give me a valid reason.  The rep also could not give me the interest rate or any other information in advance.  One Main is the classic predatory leader, preying on those who are experiencing financial difficulties during the Pandemic.  Horrible company that I will never use again!    Brandon "
"Very professional, and quick. They made the proses easy. GREAT JOB !  "
"Excellent experience with personal loan. Was able to complete majority of work online which is important during pandemic. Friendly, helpful staff willing to answering questions and guide me through the process. "
"Lies, lies, and more lies! I applied for a loan online and someone stole my information and sent me loan approval. It was from One Main.when I called the Davenport branch on or around Dec 1st 2021, I was told they were waiting on paperwork they would call me later in the day. No call. When I called the next day the brand manager told me it was all a scam and there was no loan offer. I have never been treated so rudely and spoken to like I was a moron. They are a sloppy, rude, and hostile bunch. I even heard them talking about me when they picked up the phone. "
"Very good service, interested in your needs.Always nice and polite."
The lady who assisted me was very knowledgeable and answered every question I had with out hesitation. She put me very much at ease about concerns I had concerning the privacy of my account. She processed everything in a timely matter and I left with confidence that everything was handled well. The other associates greated ne warmly and bid me good bye in a way that made me feel like we were old friends. 
"Olga was very attentive, professionally comical, and expedite. Thanks for a great experience. "
"The staff at the ********** Ohio office are accommodating, welcoming and always there when I need them."
Very disappointed really need to talk to someone in high authority.
"I tried to pay off my loan on 12/30/21. Waited a week for the funds to clear my account and it never did. I called my bank and they advised me that One main did not try to take the money out of my account. When I called One main, I was transferred to 4 different people to try to figure out what happened with the payment. On top of not knowing what was going on, the reps were incredibly rude. I finally spoke to someone by the name of Kashia who advised me the rep that took my payment on 12/30/21 entered a random bank account that did not belong to me or was associated to my account for the payment. (this is why it did not go through), but I was still responsible for the interest accrued from 12/30/21 to today 01/10/22 even though the error was not my fault.  Will never use them again."
"HORRIBLE. We ""applied"" for a loan and got pre approved for $11,200. We really needed $12000 but for an unsecured loan we were okay with it. We call to figure out next steps and they say we actually only were approved for$9,200. Okay not what we wanted but still it's whatever, we NEEDED it. Mind you at this point my income and identity has already been verified okay. I call back later the same day with different questions since no one discussed the interest rate or anything with us and Steve tells us he can try speaking to a manager to get us the full 11,000 but we would have to run our credit again so now we're confused because we had already been told we couldn't do this unsecured. He then (extremely extremely condescendingly) explains the loan process. Again we needed the money so at this point it is what it is. He then explains the final verification and says as long as we're honest about the information we ALREADY provided we would have the $9,200. So we're beginning the closing process and were toldIt'll take like an hour. Great it's a Thursday we'll have it before the weekend it was perfect. 2pm on Friday haven't heard anything so we call and a woman says oh you've been working with Lindsey and ""um let me get her for you after taking a look you will want to speak to her"". Ok so now we're furious because we know something is wrong. After reviewing THE EXACT SAME CHECK STUBS I initially provided they tell me there was an $800 discrepancy with my annual income....$800. Due to this the loan could only be approved for $5000 with a payment $100 more than the $9,200. After I vented, Lindsey tells me she already pushed for us to get more. Even though she never reached out to tell us what was going on or anything and ALSO no one ran my credit report. So what information were they even going off on? I signed authorizations provided my check stubs and drivers license and no one ever checked my credit but we were ""GUARANTEED $9200 AS LONG AS WE PROVIDED ACCURATE INFORMATION "" horrid company absolutely  HORRIBLE. You do not ever ever ever promise a struggling family money period. And if you do you need to make the call own up to the fact that you jumped the gun and APOLOGIZE. "
"Was told I ""qualified"" for $5,000, the told it was going to be only $3,100. Dealt with multiple people, all saying something different. They kept wanting more documents uploaded. It took forever to close.  I was in a bind, so, needed to take what they offered. Felt abused, lied to, and angry. Not good .... "
They went above and beyond. Shelton did everything to get me to close on my loan.
I was very impressed with the organization and professional attitude of the entire staff and the way they worked together to protect my time spent there. I definitely recommend their services.
"Excellent service;fast, competitive and friendly. Rates are HIGH but my loan is somewhat risky"
"I went in to get a loan and used my car as collateral. Never once from the beginning of the loan to the signing was I told some of the money was going to be used to pay of my existing loan. I was very specific on what I needed to use the money for and what I needed to pay off. So to get 9500 less than I was expecting was quit a shock. I called in the next day and they lady apologized and I requested to speak to the manager, she stated she was out until Monday and would have her call. I never heard anything, I was told I have 7 days to return the money to cancel it but with the holiday and the fact I bank with usaa and they need a cashiers check it's a little difficult. Very disappointed "
The customer service was great and the people was friendly.
"Crooks!! unemployed since august 2021, notified one main immediately, since my loan was at least I thought was insured.  well according to one main the last pay stubs I provided was over 30hr.  I don't understand or know how that has any relevance, I'm unemployed and the State of Maryland dept of Labor knows as well. However, one main continues to take their monthly amount out my checking account every *-*** WEEK!! and tells me there's nothing they can do about it.  Who's looking out for people like me? in fear of messing up our credit, one main is the best money laundering business.  I pray the GOD someone looks into this, because I'm keeping an amount of how much you'll owe me since the lost my employment! "
They charge Hiway robbery interest rates on the loans that they offer. It definitely leaves you feeling taken advantage of in a time of need. 
"Love working with the Camden branch! They are on top of the loan process, not pushy and take care of you!"
"Ratings should have a negative option.  I am giving them a Neg. -1000.  They scammed $1,000 out of me within 5 days.  Got a loan and went to pay it back in full within 5 days and they charged me $1,000 after telling me that would not happen (SCAM) TOTALLY lied and obviously work on commission.  Now they keep following me in every state that I relocate to for work, soliciting additional business from me.  I WILL NEVER SUPPORT THEIR BUSINESS AGAIN.  I have asked them to stop sending me mail and they keep tracking me down even though my last name has changed and I have not provided a forwarded address not even to the Post Office.  They must be using my SS# to find me and keep me on their mailing list.  VERY DISRESPECTFUL.  The One Main Branch that scammed me was the ***** Location in ******** TN (Ugly inside/out ** girl lied to me).  I want my name, SS# and Phone number REMOVED FROM THEIR DATABASE."
"**** ****** NC<br/> <br/> My husband applied for a loan to consolidate debt. He was approved for 11,000. He visited the local office and then they said the loan was actually for 9,500. He decided to still accept it. He filled out all the necessary paperwork and submitted all required documents. He went in for his closing appointment and that's when he ended up dealing with a completely different person who told him that his debt to income ratio was not ideal for the loan. He had by this point missed so much work that of course his debt to income ratio was going to be d up. They told him they'd leave the application open for 30 days. He could come back with a pay stubs that reflected his upcoming raise and has all of his hours and they'd be able to close. The same lady ""Kelly"" called him to confirm he was still getting the loan. She informed him that she would renew his application AFTER being told by HER his app would stay open for 30 days. It had only been 2 weeks. When received the pay stub for the following pay period, they told him he had to reapply. Frustrated,  he did and he was denied because his credit had dropped since he first came in and of course, they were the first company that comes up when he viewed his credit. This company is predatory. They lie to get you to apply and come in because at the end of the day, whether you get a loan or not, they get paid. My husband dealt with 4 different people throughout this process but Kelly was the most involved. Heather the manager got him in the door and the ***** dipped out. The problem is that he was told that this would not be on his credit but it's on his and mine now and we haven't received a single penny from them. They need to remove themselves to resolve the problem.  We will NEVER do business with this company again!"
Becky was awesome. Easy to use and answer questions before doing loan. 
"Derrick was absolutely amazing! Excellent customer service very helpful, kind and attentive. Every person that answered the phone was very kind and helpful. They approved my loan explained everything in very good detail. I'm very very happy with my experience I'll definitely recommend OMF to everyone I know. I'll definitely be back in the future thank you for your help... "
I have had a loan with one main for a year and a half now and recently just got another one. Excellent customer service and they make it an easy process and that's so appreciated. I will continue to do business with them in the future. Thank you one main staff! 
In the beginning...One Main was transparent and fair to work with..so much to where my 3k loan turned into 13k overtime..things changed along with the amount because my car was totaled due to a car accident...I had a lien on my car with them...once this happened..everything got lost in translation all of a sudden...it was **** to bring my payments down..since my loan was now 7k..then once it was down I got laid off...they waived only one month for me...shortly after they already got a little over 7k from the insurance company once it was totaled...I have been trying to get back where I was financially with the current job I have to keep up with my Bill's but it still don't seem to be enough...so now I call them when I could make a payment...so as of 2 months ago. .I started getting multiple calls from different numbers from 8am-6:30PM..all of them are one main! I don't answer unless I have the money....At this point i feel harrassed!!!!! It's too much..I owe you...I'll call you...especially since they report to the Credit Bureau...eventually they'll get the money but PLEASE STOP CALLING MULTIPLE TIMES A DAY!!!.. That's all I have to say BBB...I hope they see this and add something to their policy..on how many times a cst should be called a week before its considered to be harrassment geesh!!
"Absolutely a rip off. They are kinda like sharks. They help you when nobody else will. So easily to get approved. Its ALMOST like 100% interest. I've been paying 450.00 A MONTH and the BALANCE IS ABOUT THE same 2 years later. I should have thought this through and read ALL the fine print. IM SICK. If ONE MAIN would like to speak to me, LOOK ME UP! "
The loan officer I spoke with was understanding what I needed to pay off my debts.  
Was totally satisfied with the professional handling of my loan. Ashley was so helpful with helping me fill out my application. To me she went above and beyond working with me.
This company came through nicely at a difficult time with transportation challenges. Special props to Ms. Kelly **** for her pleasantness and professionalism!
They said i applied for a loan of 8000. My payment is 300 a month they said when i make a payment i could put more towards the loan then the interest. So 220 is going to the i trest and 80 to the principal. I call to say why is it going more to the interest then the principal and said its like taking a car loan. So now im stock with a loan for 5 yrs like if i was paying for a brand new car. Every rep would give me different answers when i would call. 
"Had my identity stolen and this company will NOT remove the inquiry off my credit report without making me jump through hoops.  They keep sending me to a link for a form to fill out, which I filled out six times and it will not process through their website.  Their website is awful.  Every other bank and financial institution I have contacted, plus the credit agencies are willing to remove the hard inquiries from my credit report EXCEPT for One Main Financial.  Horrible when you are the victim of identity theft they do NOTHING to help you."
"I make enough money to be able to pay a $1,500 loan with a 3 year contract but yet I was denied because to my say it's not enough. Well y'all better have a top paying job with more than $4,000 a month to get that loan."
People are always nice and pleasant yo work with to get your financial needs met.
Lisa made the process so easy and worry free! Excellent customer service!
Friendly people . Very helpful. My experience was very delightful. Would recommen.
He did a great job and worked on giving me what I asked for!!!  Really helped me a lot 
"Do not get a loan from this company they are a loan shark. I have the money to pay off my loan and have tried to pay MULTIPLE times now and they won't take my money. They have the title to my car that I would like to sell and I am stuck. I don't know what else to do at this point other than finding a lawyer to help me. Again, DO NOT use this company for a loan. Go to lending club and get a decent APR %.  Help!"
The young lady that helped me was very professional but friendly and helpful. 
"My loan officer, and the people in the branch office were great. Friendly, efficient, and responsive. Their computer systems, not so much, and that's kinda scary. With my loan approval, I was supposed to receive, pre-approved off the loan app, with no additional inquiries, an unsecured Briteway+ Mastercard.   And indeed, during the loan closing in the office (all done on touch screen), I was presented with the offer indicating same; but every time I tapped to accept it, the process crashed, generating an error indicating a ""problem on their end,"" and advising to try again later. We tried it repeatedly, on several subsequent days, with the same problem. Aggravating and a HUGE waste of time.  My loan officer in the branch spent hours on the phone with tech support in different parts of the company, and I know she cared and tried, because she asked me all the right questions about it, and for and understood all the screen prints, for her to forward on... producing no success, resolution, or even explanation.   So I just patiently waited another week to see if the system might work it all out, but never got any follow up. And when I sent an email after that to their central customer service, with all the details and screen prints of the problem, well organized and explained, I was just ignored and received no response - even after waiting yet, another week.   Getting the unsecured card along with my loan, to help build upon my good, but thin credit, was a major selling point for going with OneMain. ANY time a financial institution doesn't make good on its word, on the smallest of things, it's a red flag. This isn't a pizza that's 30 minutes late or widgets with slight imperfection they're dealing in - it's your money, your assets, and your credit, all in their hands.   But when it's NOT even in their hands, when the root of the problem isn't just human error, which we all have to be prepared to accept will happen from time to time in a one-off fashion, but rather, the problem is systemic, as part of  a flawed computer system, the red flag becomes a nuclear meltdown and cause to brace for impact on what it's going to screw up next. The only thing that could be worse, is to have it happen, with no human around that knows how or even cares to fix it.  And that's what happened next. Especially unsatisfactory given the kind of money they're making off of me, for a small and secured loan - which throws up a red flag on their customer service, to match the one on their competency at the corporate level. "
"This company hit my credit 13 times at first they approved me for a $16000 loan then when I tried to buy a cheaper vehicle , they denied me because of too many credit inquiries."
"If you're desperate for a loan and have no other options. Just borrow the money from your local crack dealer will be a safer option. <br/> <br/> First off. In 2021 how is this company able to function without usable website? The online ports is absolute trash. Need to change anything on your account? You might as well call your local branch because the online portal lets you implement certain things but once you do. Better hope you did it right. Can't go back unless you call them and have THEM change it. <br/> <br/> Want a pay off quote?  Let's get that for you after you put in the request it by calling your local branch.  ""Pay off isn't available online"" You better keep track of that yourself if you want to know your remaining balance.<br/> <br/> Worried about fees? Guess what. Everything has a penalty fee attached. Something messed up at your bank and your direct pay gets returned? that's $25 for the return payment and a late payment penalty put on your account because it took them 2 weeks to let you know the payment wasn't going through. btw, you want to pay your penalties? Better call your local branch because you can't do that online.<br/> <br/> When the first thing they ask you is about a referral code and how to earn extra money by referring others to them. Just walk away. Just look at the 2/5 stars on BBB. There is a reason this company has that rating. <br/> <br/> For the love of God, if you go against everything this site tell you about them and get a loan with OneMain, buy their credit insurance for your loan. If you have anything happen and cant pay for your loan. You might as well sell yourself into slavery with the APR and fees. Also, they will harass you until you pay.<br/> <br/> If you're worried about your user data being handed out so you get constant calls and junk mail. This company sells your data to the highest bidder. <br/> <br/> Why even have an online website if you have to contact your local branch 90% of the time for anything you do? Just you watch, they will leave a response saying to email them or contact them via phone with your issue. Support is absolutely terrible. <br/> <br/> Out of all the other companies myself and my business have used. This one is by far the worst."
From starting with Logan and finishing with Andrew the experience was fast and easy. Money was in my account next day after signing. Interest rate was high but having bad credit I was expecting that. Overall customer service and the process was awesome!
"I never cease to be amazed at the awesome customer service I receive at the **************** VA location of One Main Financial.  Jerry and Kim usually service my loans and they are always professional, courteous and polite.  I never feel hasseled or pressured for services.  They make it easy and convenient for me. As a OneMain Financial customer, I am always happy. That means a lot in the world today.<br/> <br/> L. *****"
"Excellent service, young lady was on time covered all the opinions and terms of my loan and very professional."
"Fast and friendly service, Ciara explained all the details and had me on my way in no time. "
I am always treated very nicely at the Woodbridge branch I go to. The staff are polite and try to help you get the best deal on your loan. And they explain your choices very concisely. 
I have only dealt with the ***** ********** NJ office and I can't say enough about AnnaBella!  She is a lovely woman and always upbeat and friendly.  She is so helpful and truly an asset to your company.  I hope you appreciate her as much as I do.
Always excellent service and quick responses. Very happy working with this institution. 
Hello Lashunda at the ********* location was very helpful and very informative about what I wanted  to  do.  Very professional just a wonderful individual very helpful.  Thank you  Lashunda for your assistance.
They were very helpful and gave me a chance i enjoyed my experience and they helped me thank you one main financial for looking out for me.
Sue was kind very helpful and told me everything I needed to know 
"2 months ago, i called one main financial to inquire about a loan and the young lady on the phone talked to me about getting my car refinanced. I advised to the young lady that i had a car, but it was not in my name. I explained to the lady that the car was in my father's name and we had a loan with 53rd bank. The young lady told me that none of that matter and i can come in to get the car refinanced in my name! I did and had to sign all of these documents and get a temporary payoff on the vehicle. With my father being the complete owner of the vehicle, we were told that my father would have to come in and sign over the vehicle to have it placed in my name... Everything was okay until 53rd bank began to call my dad asking him to pay on the vehicle and we then learned that the vehicle was not payed off as guaranteed by contact! I called the manager several times at the *** North location in ******* Mississippi multiple times and left multiple messages! I would always get the same thing, that some one would call me back but the never did. 3 weeks ago i was told by 53rd bank that they were going to repo my vehicle because one main financial never paid off the vehicle and i had a balance owed. After fussing and cursing i finally spoke with a supervisor named saqueita who let me know that the loan was done incorrectly and i should have never been able to get a loan as the vehicle was never in my name. This supervisor promised several times that she would fix the problem and pay the remainder balance off! She lied to me several times advising that she would call me back but never did. She promised to pay the remainder balance off again but did not! On today i received a letter from 53rd bank advising that they would be repossessing the vehicle for the remainder amount! I spoke with a young lady name keyoshia who was very rude and lied to me! Might i had that keyoshia told me that she was going to hang up on me and didn't give a **** about the loan I have! I have now obtained a attorney for illegal contracts and emotional stress!! It is crazy how you can beg a company to help you and nobody can."
Excellent and as usual thank you for your help! Office staff is always very professional.
"Professional, courteous- took time to talk about options & explain how the loan process works, we're very transparent- it was expedient and well executed. I would recommend to family & friends - they are exceptional. <br/> Carolyn **** - Washington"
"I think that I was racially profiled while trying to get a debt consolidation loan with this organization. I am a 52 year old African American male, a veteran of the United States Air Force and Tennessee Air National Guard. I am trying to rebuild my credit and needed a little assistance and I don't think they took everything into consideration and immediately disapproved my request without factoring my employment status, etc. "
The ladies in the daphne office are amazing!  Very informative and so friendly. 
Great experience.  Donna  the office manager is great and so is  the staff. I used  the loan  to pay off my card. I was  able to get a loan  to pay  off personal  debt.  The staff is friendly  and easy to work  with.
Not good neither branch can help me and waiting on IT to resolve and I can't even speak with them so they can explain to me what is going on. Im just going around in circles stressing so much...
"Hello,   I loved the quick turn around in getting my loan approved. Customer Service was excellent. Thanks for helping me out guys. Got me out of a jam. :)"
"The process was easy and flawless, the associate I dealt with was knowledgeable and was able to answer any questions I had"
I went to One Main Financial at the ********** Nevada location to get help with a debt consolidation loan. I was greeted immediately by Jamie who walked me through several finance solutions for my situation. I was quite pleased with the results. I returned a couple days later after comparing my options and decided to take out the loan with One Main Financial. I am now debt free thanks to One main Financial and the expert and professional help from Jaime. Thanks again OMF!!
"100 hundred percent the worst experience I've ever had with a lender, everything was good in the beginning when I believed both sides had dutifully completed all of their respective responsibilities. I first reached out to Kirsten ****** in your Idaho Falls location about an issue that had developed unbeknownst to both parties, some time later! It wasn't, now fast forward some time later and my life is in financial ruin, I accept the responsibility of not being able to pay you guys back the money I owe you, but it feels wrong to also be penalized by other creditors for your inability to"
one main financial great service everyone was kind explained everything to me .answer all my question. i will tell all my family and friends if they need a loan to go there.i give five stars to your company.
I came back to One Main Financial because they treated me so well the first time. Lindsey is incredible. 
The ladies were wonderful to work with and made sure I understand all the paperwork. 
I received excellent service in getting a update to my existing loan. I was very pleased with their service.
The ladies inside the branch I worked with were all over the place. Didn't know if they were coming or going. Many phone calls with changes of times to be there. Not very put together for a business that deals with money like them. 
"Susan was great.I would recommend  OneMain to all my friends.<br/> Rate service 5 Star.<br/> <br/> Sincerely, <br/> Herbert ******"
Holly was great and gave me lots of options and service was great and definitely would recommend them 
"Has anyone ever wondered why the monthly cost of insurance is not indicated anywhere on their bill? The One Main bill only shows you the total monthly payment, and breaks it down into principal and interest. It shows the new balance, but I don't see the amount allocated to the insurance payment. Are we to assume that it is taken from the principal part of the bill? So that what you are paying in principal is actually even less than the tiny bit that goes to it?"
"I had the worst experience with One Main Financial ***** AZ with Ashlie.  This woman told me my loan was approved had me go express my car title, send her pictures of my car, my bank information, verification of income. And then I was told my credit report would not pull up. I spent 2 weeks thinking my credit would not pull up talking to this lier daily.  I finally said I would go into the main office. She said let me check with my manager. Came back to the phone and said yes thats perfect go to ******** branch have them pull the equifax report. I get up Monday 10/25/21 drive there to find out there's no approved application. How could someone be so cruel and just play games for 2 weeks knowing there's no approval. And I called Onemain Financial no one cares. I have never been treated so bad and made a fool of like this by a business."
"Scam, I went to the branch sign all the paper works, fix rate, three years to pay, after a year I request the copy of my original sign document and denied, they said never exist and send me a new copy of the contract with five years to pay .they change my contract and without letting me know and claiming I e- sign which I never done, hoping to any lawyer or representative on my states will help me investigate what is going on."
Predatory loans who do not uphold their agreement. I purchased unemployment insurance in case I lost my job. I paid extra for this service as I was aggressively unsold by the representative. Then coronavirus happened and they only assisted for about 3 payments before they found some bs reason to exploit me. Keep in mind they have the title to my vehicle. As I totaled my vehicle and had zero missed payments in the 2 and a half years. They reported me late and have missed a payment totally crushing my credit score as this is the ONLY missed or late payment my 720 score had. We were in constant communication and the office was aware of the insurance check coming but they still reported me late after saying they wouldn't. Soullesss people work here avoid at all cost they hold no accountability 
Nothing advised I needed to have a car title to use as collateral to obtain loan. Had I read that ANYWHERE I would not have even bothered because I do not have a paid off car. I just bought a new car.
"Even though I haven't retrieved my loan yet, OVERALL MY EXPERIENCE IS EXCELLENT. <br/> <br/> <br/> <br/> <br/> LAKEISHA ********"
"Great people to do business with. Thought full, respectful and very helpful. No hidden figures, everything is up front. I am very great full for their help. "
They were straight forward with all qualifications and were quick with my process... Thanks to OneMain Financial 
The manager at One Main Financial is Shay ******* she is not a very good representative of the company.  My identity was stolen a few months  ago and I am in the process of proving  that to One Main Financial that the loan they claim was opened by me was in fact a case of identity theft.  When presented to Shay ******* her response is of a very negative  nature.  I asked for her to provide me with a superior's contact number and that was not provided to me.<br/> <br/> Very negative experience that I am sure will only become worse as time goes on until I can speak to a different person.<br/> <br/> The number online for the complaint division when called is always incorrect and non responsive.    <br/> <br/> I am pursuing this in many different areas to many different authorities to find resolution.  I have attempted several times to ask for Shay's support and guidance to only be given the same negative response.  I own a small business and we always trying to help our customers or anyone in need in any positive way we can.<br/> <br/> I would not conduct business with this company based upon the leadership at this office in ***** ***** TX.<br/> <br/> Steve ** ******
I think one main is great nice people and good. service straight to the. point.thank you Andrew.
The representative was very courteous and knowledgeable. She took the time to answer  all questions in a timely manner. I highly recommend them to others looking for financial assistance.
Had a terrible experience with Nancy. I will not work with her again. We had the manager take care of us instead Natalie. She is very nice and did a better job.  Natalie said the same thing I said to Nancy about how the loan would work with us. It seems like I should be working there instead of Nancy at one main financial. 
"It was an Awesome experience. Everything happen so fast . A big Shoutout to Cassandra ,for her patience and knowledge .. I will definitely recommend to others.  Thanks Onemain!!!!"
"OneMain Financial overall was helpful in providing a loan, but was not truthful about the minimum amount that I could borrow.  I only needed around $5,000, but the Loan Specialist indicated the minimum amount had to be $10,000 or more, of which I moved forward with, but at a very high interest rate and long-time payment schedule (60 months). I was not aware of available lower amounts until I viewed the actual OneMain Financial website that  includes various loan amounts and timeframes to pay back.  Also, the copy of my Loan Agreement and Disclosure Statement reads different than what is in the office.  Beware!  Do not sway from your initial intent, or move on if the entity cannot provide the terms you need.  Unfortunately, now I am stuck with a loan higher than what I needed and for a longer period to pay back because I did not follow my instincts to stick to a lower amount and payment timeframe."
"I reached out to them about a $2000 loan of which I only needed $650. I could have just paid for what I needed in cash but wanted to get a revolving credit line to build credit.  I'm self employed and as a musician I get paid in cash or check. They wouldn't accept any checks I received from business accounts for services rendered THIS WEEK as proof of income. they needed tax return info from 2020. Well I could perform most of 2020, so I was on unemployment, because there were no gigs. I asked what I could do and the lady shamed me and said ""well I worked over pandemic and so did many other people so I don't see how that's relevant"".  I said, ""I'm just trying to ask questions.."", I asked if my savings totalling around $18,000 would count towards collateral towards doing what I wanted, and again she said you need to have worked and provide proof of income.  They treated me horribly and shamefully and it was rather unkind to criticize whether I was able to work while people were dying all over my industry. Clubs I used to play at never will open again... Now I'm making more money than ever and I provide proof, and am treated like trash.  Do not be surprised when a group of people wish to take advantage of a system that takes advantage of them and treats them like garbage when they need something simple. I did everything right, I paid my taxes, I pay good rent, good credit score.   At this point the gov and the financial institutions have made it clear we're on our own. Regardless of whether we did it right and provided proof of income... It's not proof unless they feel it's proof despite the contrary."
I have an existing loan with One.main and I will NEVER recommend this company to anyone.  I pay my monthly payment 2 months ahead thinking that my principal would be going down. Well I started to realize that the principal on my loan was not going down. After further review I seen that for every $360 I was sending One.main monthly AND ahead of schedule ONLY $1.60 was going to the principal and on one occasion only .31 cents out of $360 went to the principal. Mind you my payment are ahead of schedule and Never late. ONE.MAIN ARE CROOKS AND SHOULD NEVER BE USED. 
"This company proves to be reliable each time I've used them. They offer fair lending practices with reasonable terms. The process is rather quick and staff are knowledgeable about the products and details of the finalization process. I highly recommend One Financial, and I have learned to trust them. "
I had a great experience with One Main Financial. Would work with them again.
"Shannon ******** is your gal! She made it so easy to apply for a loan and make the whole process a pleasant experience! I highly recommend her to help you! She has helped us with two loans, now, and we trust her to take care of us!"
"Josh is very pleasant, he let's us know we can do to get a loan . He is very knowledgeable, and courteous I would do business with One Main again."
I was very impressed and happy with their services. They were very patient with me and helpful. She went above and beyond.
Was told I was approved for a loan by Jada and she stated she would call me back and let me know what to bring in. I then talked to Robert that day and he said yes you are approved all we need is your title to your vehicle and the vehicle for pictures. I did advise them I would be in the next day when I got off of work. I then get a call today from Jada confirming what I would need and she would see me at 5:00 to get the title and pictures. A few hours later she called and said I was denied! I asked what would have happened if I brought my car in there the night they said I was approved and she couldn't answer that. This company is a scam that lies about you being approved. 
Applied and was approved for a refinance of existing loan.  I am a disabled veteran and have never been treated so bad by any loan company. It takes me more time to get photos and documents and when I sent them in they just kept asking for more.  Finally they get all documents and pictures then sent me request for more documents to be notarized and they would not download.  When I called they said my application is now not approved  and timed out.
The are very honest as to what you qualify for and are not pushy at all. Efron (I hope I spelled your name right. My apology if not.) is the best 
"I find it very easy and comfortable to obtain the financing I need with One Main.  I have been dealing with the Bedford Branch for a number of years now, during some very desperate times and now, just when I need a little boost in accessible cash.  Even though I live in *********** now, I still turn to the Bedford staff, knowing the incredible and convenient service I have received in the past will always be there."
"I appreciate the friendly and helpful personnel. I feel valued as a customer, my needs were met promptly and without issues."
"Great service by Leigh! She answered all my questions and never pressured me to make my desicion. After deciding to take the loan, the process was simple. Thank you!"
Very positive experience.  Lynsey was friendly and professional.  She explained the process very clearly and answered all of my questions.
Very professional service. Did a great job getting me fund's I was eligible for.
People were very friendly  and knew what they were doing! Thank you!
The staff was very patient and helpful.  They made the whole experience very easy.  
"I hate this company.  I obtained a loan a few years ago.  I make my monthly payments, but they still call and harass weekly, asking for more money. They do not respect your contact information. They will harass your employer.  Be cautious when getting a loan from them. Do you research and read reviews.  "
The staff was attentive and kind.  Had a scheduled appt. and did not have to wait at all!  Very pleased!
"Please do not waste your time with OneMain. I was approved and contacted by an loan officer. The process took two days with me sending information, phone calls back and forth and then sending paperwork and my employer being called only to get a call saying my credit was not good for the Loan even though I was approved with my credit??? Also used my car for collateral and sent all information. I asked important questions and I was told I will get the Loan after my paperwork was submitted and then the story changed on day 3. Very misleading company. Please avoid your time being wasted, false pre approvals and dishonest loan officers. I never do reviews but I had to with this one. "
Holly was absolutely  awesome.....very friendly and professional.  The process was very fluid with every step explained. Thank you Holly and Paul.
My loan agent was Great she answered all my questions and my money was in my acct the morning.
"Very helpful, professional and knowledge. My loan specialist Mike J**** worked very hard to get me the best rate and repayment plan. Thank you Michael. "
Both times I've used the Griffin office my experience has been GREAT!!!_
George has always made sure I was taken care of whenever I have needed assistance. He always goes above & beyond to make sure my needs are met. If he personally can't help at the moment his staff is just as helpful. I recommend him & whatever location he is at to anyone who needs help.
"Staff was great, very accommodating.  Very quick service. I would definitely recommend One Main Financial "
Danielle was very patient with me despite I am Deaf and she may be somewhat shocked of my deafness but she did a great job making the loan go thru successfully. Thank you Danielle! 
"We were looking for a $4000 loan to pay for a semester of school. When Tamela called back to talk about us being approved they wanted to pay my husbands truck off and have us pay them $750 a month for the truck and the loan for 60 months. We only owe $19k on his 2018 Silverado. After interest, we would have paid  $45k for $23k in loans. That should be against the law. I feel bad for people that are desperate for money and have no choice. What they are doing is horrible and almost criminal."
"My Husband and I went to the office this afternoon in ***** Michigan.<br/> This woman named Karla, or Carla was helping us.<br/> She clearly did not know what she was doing.<br/> We had all our paperwork, signed paperwork, <br/> And was told we could have our loan. <br/> Well, she comes back and told us that we were not approved for that loan amount but that I was and for a smaller one.<br/> Not to mention that it hit my credit 3 times and husband's 2. <br/> All she was worried about also was her next appointment. <br/> This was the biggest mistake and I'm so glad we did not go through with it.<br/> We packed up our paperwork so quick and walked out.<br/> They have you feeling good while your there but then the last 10/15 minutes, you have problems.<br/> Please be aware people. <br/> My credit dropped so much from them keep on pulling it which I'm in dispute with as we speak.<br/> I wish there was a minus sign because they clearly don't deserve one star."
DO NOT USE. I paid my loan off early in May 2021 because my bank was able to offer a better interest rate without needing collateral. OneMain STILL has not returned my vehicle title! They're sitting on their hands!
"I've had nothing but a positive experience with all the staff, especially Carla at the Watts Mill location. Would recommend them to everyone."
Heather was very polite and knowledgeable  about my account and what could be offered by One Main. I appreciate the time and effort  she put into explaining my options and going over everything until I was satisfied I was doing and choosing the right option for me. 
Easy fast and did what he said he was going to do honest deal 
Pam was awesome ! She helped me through a time of need and assisted me in anyway she could. I look forward to working with OneMain again in the future. Pam has a lot to do with that decision . Thanks to Pam for being and awesome person with outstanding consumer service !
This company will steal your money they will say they will work with you but then will run your bank account dry and then tell you they didn't do that and then do it again every single month they ever said they would work with.. 
"Was this a bait and switch?  We went for a loan for a certain amount of $$.  Got all documentation necessary.  Jumped through the hoops with legal docs, finances, etc, even had appropriate collateral.  They even took pics of collateral!    Said we were a go for the amount requested.  Started filling out their forms and changing legal docs, etc, and then suddenly we saw we were only getting a fraction of what we had requested and told we could get.  Told them that wasn't right.  Our agent who helped us was wonderful and was definitely taken back by sudden change of $$ amounts.  Agent verified with someone what was requested and suddenly offered and was told ""this is all they were ever going to get"".  Agent turned to us and said this was all we were ok'd for.  Did they figure we were willing to settle after all the effort we put forth?  Did they assume we were desperate and take what they offered?  We gathered our paperwork and walked out.  We had successful loans with them in the past hence our reason to go there first.  Never again!  Where are the stars for negative!  "
"If I could give 10 stars I would. Awesome customer service, friendly staff, quick approval, easy process. Everything was done via phone and I only had to go last day to sign and finalize. The money was deposited in my bank the following week. Ingrid and Bryan are amazing, really went the extra mile to help me out and make things easier. Awesome experience! Thank you so much! :)"
"Yes, OneMain had to have alot of information from me but i understand. The way the world is these days with scams, people needing money that OneMain has to protect themselves. My experience made me anxious at times it all worked out and i did receive my loan. "
"I have actually had a pretty experience with the company in the beginning. I managed to secure 2 loans with them without much trouble. It was when I started paying off the loan ahead of schedule that the customer service went south. Then I looked on the home page and it said I did not have an upcoming payment on the 4th because I had made a large payment (18x the amount due on the 4th) on the 2nd. But, voila, they deduct the regular monthly payment as if I had not made a payment. And on top of that I reduced my loan amount by 84% and they continue to charge me interest as if I never made this payment. I plan to look into the legality of this behavior, I just cannot believe this is fair or legal."
Very good and hospitable they made me feel very comfortable. 
I've been dealing with OneMain for many years and they never disappoint they're always there when you need them and they make the lending process very easy. 
"The loan officer was extremely helpful and competent.  Process was completed quickly to get the needed funds without a lot of extra paperwork.  I do not know how she spells her name, Cheryl?  Sheryl?  Shurl?  Anyway, she does a good job for you.  She's a keeper!"
Friendly and efficient.  She was well versed and knowledgeable of business 
"I've never experienced such idiocracy as I did with this company. Applied for a loan, submitted paystubs and requested documentation and was told the loan was approved and we would close by end of day. Then suddenly I was told the underwriter had a question on my paystub. The formatting looked weird because one of the deduction line items fed into a second line. No big deal right? I provided 4 months of paystubs AND bank statements to prove everything added up and checked out. Then they wanted a copy of my social security card. Nothing was ever enough because some moron couldn't add and subtract to verify the amounts checked out. ALL BECAUSE OF A LINE ITEM looking strange. Any reasonable, semi educated person could have seen it was legit. As soon as the deduction total went into the hundreds there wasn't enough room in the box on the paystubs and caused it to push into a second line. Adding the deductions from all previous stubs was EXTREMELY clear. These people are the absolute worst to deal with and I would deter anyone from dealing with them. The amount of proof they requested was totally unreasonable. I took my business elsewhere and received better loan terms and a much easier process."
"Been with this business 4 awhile. Never missed a payment, took 3 deferrments, over4 years and ran into financial troubles. Only income social security. Will not work with me. Have an unsecured personal loan, and really want to pay it off. Missed aug payment, moved on aug 13, told them I could start payments back in nov. Evidently these people don't want their money, wouldn't agree. So as far as I'm concerned they will not get the money, as they can't touch my social security. I don't even have to show up in court, my bank won't process the request.  These people don't want to help good customers. "
"I didn't don't see an option for 0 stars. Mind you, this complaint has nothing to do with my application being denied, it is about the customer service and administration.  I applied Aug 20th, my app was submitted with screenshots clearly showing my social security number and it was approved. Days go by, never heard anything, sent several emails. Finally I called and spoke with someone who said my representative was out to lunch and he verified my application, asking questions that directly correlated with my credit history ( telling me he has the correct SS #).   He tells me my rep will call back, never heard from her.  I called again and she's busy but the rep says it's all good they just need another recent paystub.  Took care of that .  Rep finally called and scheduled an appt.,wherein I asked it be quick because that time was a big inconvenience for me.  I go in there (10 DAYS) after first applying, and they say I entered the wrong SS # and app was denied.  First of all, google has my ss# pre-filled for when I fill out apps and I highly doubt I entered it wrong, also the fact the other rep brought up my correct history, not time to mention they received several documents with correct number.  And even if it were true, it takes them 10 data to figure it out, and NOBODY calls me the day of my appt.., so I inonveniently drive 40 min to the office after having already made financial plans with promise of their loan, and I get dealt this hand.  A simple phone call BEFORE my appt would have been nice.  "
This company has shady marketing practices. I'm bombarded with pre-approval notifications. Then I applied for the loan. This was a hard pull on my credit report and I was approved. I was then told to call and confirm my personal information. The information is the same online and of course I called in to verify. Then I'm told that they can't approve the application even though the application was approved. This company has issues and I'm so glad I reached out to ******** I was pre-approved then approved for the loan. The fact that One Main responds to the complaints by telling you to call them is idiotic. They seem very corrupt and I believe I dodged a bullet. Shady company beware!
"My experiences was very pleasant. The Agent's was very professional and polite. My credit report show 2 point down on my transunion report, I not worry about at this time. I read the different negative responses by others, But I'm not worry. I believe that we will have  a complete smooth and professional transactions during the duration of my loan contract. I thank  One Main Financial for your services in my time of needs."
Not helpfull at all some people dont even helpyou all the way. MARIA was so great helping after a week trying to get a small loan
Very professional and friendly staff.  I would refer them to anyone that needs a honest lender
I just would like to inform people this company is a predatory lender. I literally sat in the office while they were bragging to each other about trying to upsale customers higher interest and money loans I honestly could not believe it. This lender does not care about your well being just be aware and don't let them talk you into making a bad decision.
I filled out an application that said I was pre approved and a soft inquiry would be made on my credit report. Next thing I know I am showing a hard inquiry and down 1 point on my trans union. When they called me 2 days later i told them to cancel my loan application. Not happy with this companies shady marketing techniques. 
"One main financial *** ******, WI<br/> Turned my account over to Collections agency.  I been unemployed with health issues. I called one main financial. To get a modification done. I told the collection agency. The person I talked to was named Michael. He did the modification. To make payments of $266.08 a month for 4 years n 2 month. I did my promise. One main collection agency lied. They screwed up my application. I called the collection agency back today. They told me that I had more income than I told. I had this person named Janie. Said they had to redo the modification. I don't like to be lied to. Collection agency lied to me. They turned my modification down."
"That company is a a waste of time and are just profiting from the covid situation, Emma made it clear in their location while she was laughing about the fact she is profiting from the weak, what despicable place to even be inside, please stay as far away as possible from this plague company "
"I am no happy with my experience with this company WHATSOEVER!!! Whoever did my initial paperwork did it incorrectly so I was then unable to register my car. I tried for months to communicate with OneMain and DMV and it was never resolved. NOW, my previous car was totaled OVER a month ago, and my insurance company has been trying to pay them(OneMain) what the car was worth. My insurance company has sent the forms for OneMain to fill out several times, and no one knows what is going on. Meanwhile, I'm still making payments to a large loan and paying hundreds of dollars of unnecessary interest that I wouldn't be paying if OneMain would have done their part. They tell me they're going to ""work on it"" and "" call me back"". Crickets. I try calling back, and no one answers. I've even tried e-mailing with no response. Either they're taking advantage of me and trying to milk out as much interest as possible, or they are truly incompetent. I've had plenty of patience. I feel stuck. I cannot wait to be done with this company forever."
"The absolute worse customer service you can ever experience. Spoke with a rep from the Bordentown branch and was extremely disrespectful, arrogant and was not doing her job answering questions. I will never recommend this institution to anyone.  There are plenty of other institutions who will offer loans and not make you feel like a devalued consumer. "
"There interest rate see outrages.  I took out a $7,000 Title Loan a year ago and my balance is still showing almost the same amount,  "
"Frustrated with this company! I had a five year loan for around $16000. On year two paid $12500 one time lump sum. Had a remainder of around $2100 and still had around 2 1/2 years left on loan. Payments made after went to almost all interest. I didn't really have a problem with that. My problem was that I checked out my credit report and it showed I was 30 days late in August 2021. I tried to talk to small branch about this and they had me contact the main branch. I did this and they basically stated there was nothing they could do about my account.  They did not do any good faith errors.  As soon as I found out it was supposedly late I paid the account in full. I had never been late before on this or any other accounts on my credit report!! Plus think about this, payments were ~ 550/month and I still had 2 years left. My payoff was ~ $1400 which I paid off.  And they are saying I am 30 days behind. Right!! That would be a balance of over $13,000 owed not $1400.  Would never recommend this company to anyone. Sometimes you have to do the right thing as a company and look at each situation individually. But that didn't happen, there was no communication on your part. "
"OneMain financial in *********** tx took out $475 when they should have only taken $195. My bank account went negative $175. When I went to get it resolved they had an ""ops sorry"" attitude. Because of their negligence my family has suffered immensely. We have been negative in our account for 2 days, now we have to wait the weekend (2 more days. 4 days with no money because of OneMain financial and their inability to pay attention) until they return to work and decided to deal with this situation we will have to figure out how to pay for food and other necessities. <br/> Brand manager Lina ******* denied a disabled veteran access to the bathroom. She told him if he needed to go he had to walk down to subway, she could see he used a cane and had a hard time getting around. I find that absolutely disgusting. stop living in fear of germs and Honor your elders and those who stood to fight for YOUR freedoms."
"They were so hepful,kind,understanding.  They help you with the loan that you need & if I need any other loan  they are glad to help out.  Thank you ___"
Very easy to work with and very attentive and great staff!
The people are friendly and helpful. They were willing to help me in anyway they could. 
"I called onemain financial because I had to move unexpectedly & Juan in the ******* office I spoke to assured me that my 5,000 loan interest rate would be between 23-29%. I was okay with that. He got the ""loan ready"" told me to pay 208 up front then my payments would be $111.00/mo. I get a email when my first payment is due & my interest rate is 35%. I would of NEVER taken out a loan for that much interest. I am so mad & I will get legal help on this. They are very deceiving. Do not even get a loan through them."
"Predatory financial group taking advantage of those desperate for help. My credit rating was perfect until I paid off all my debt, then it tanked. When I needed help to pay divorce attorneys, One Main was there alright, at 35%, YES 35%, interest, minimum. And a lien on a motorcycle. When I was forced into Chapter 13 due precisely to One Main and those like them, they refused to repossess the motorcycle. My attorney tells me in no uncertain terms this is their game to try and get you to make a mistake while using the vehicle, then they pounce for maximum profit no matter how they have to 'bend' the bankruptcy laws."
"I have two loans with ONEMAIN all has been well until I had to take a leave of absence from my job for my wife's major surgery and for serious health conditions for myself(several back procedures), during all this I kept up my payment for both loans, and when I started to see that I may miss a payment, I called ONEMAIN and was told that I purchased insurance, for exactly this type of situation. I was told to submit a claim and get medical, employee and self paperwork turned in. Claim was , approved, then denied and then denied again, so ONEMAIN said since I purchased the insurance that all that money would be directed to my account/ loan which I am ok with. But I feel that this was all very suspicious activity, upon finding out that ONEMAIN is associated/affiliated, owned by ******* ******* Inc(my employer).. Also I was told I would no longer be able to purchase insurance for these loans. I feel that this was very suspicious as well as unfair."
I was approved for a loan. I informed the company how I get paid in the summer. I get 3 checks and then won't get another until September. They said that was fine. They had the nerve to call me and leave me a message saying that my paystub was too old. I needed to send one in that was 30 days or less. I explained again my situation. Nope! I had already submitted all the paperwork and had been dealing with this for 3 days. Then they deny me. They said the situation was fine. Now it isn't. I really needed that money.
The loan it self was great but the computer did not work very well. They finally got it to work but what should have taken half an hour took more. The ladies where very good  with me. 
"Was just barely approved, but based on my experience thus far they are very responsive and easy to work with. "
"Brent and staff amazing, work quickly! Everyone very helpful even if thry are not your agent they take the time to answer questions and assist in every way they can."
"This was my first time working with them. Sundae was very knowledgeable, thorough, and brief with getting my loan application processed and approved. "
Outstanding. Nidia is very knowledgeable. Explains things to my understanding. Second time using One Main Financial.
"Both my loan officer and support staff were excellent, knowledgeable, patient and professional. I was surprised at how easy and convenient they made everything for me. "
Jen was super nice and supportive. I was informed the entire process
"I was pre approved for 10,000 at 16% interest. As this is lower interest than my credit cards, and would combine all of my credit card debt, i figured id give it a shot. After filling out the application i was sent an email stating i was approved for $10,000 at 16% interest, pending verification of my income and identity. So I submitted both of those things. Next day a woman calls asking for more verfication, so i give it to her. She says she'll call back by end of business day, never calls. Calls me 3 days later asking why i never submitted my verification, to which i told her i had done that before i ever even spoke with her. She confirmed this and apologized. Then again told me shed call me by the end of the day. Just got off the phone with her and she had ""great news!"". She got me approved for 4,000 dollars at 18% interest. Not even CLOSE to what i was originally ""approved"" for. All this company did was waste my time, and put a hard inquiry on my credit. Thank OneMain. Wont be sending anyone your way forsure."
This company or is the worst I took out a loan with them And try to settle for what was left with that once I trade my car in the agent to answer the phone lied to my face and told me that they can't except a 8k settlement for a loan with 10k left on it stating it was based on the type of loan never in my line have I been so anger editing by a supposed business I want something done ASAP I would rather default on the Loan  entirely or take them to court then be treated like this I have never heard of a loan that cannot be settled once someone says they can't keep paying you
"This is a discrimination complaint. From the beginning of the process I was talk to rudely and unprofessionally. I was told to upload documents (Documents uploaded while speaking with Misty) When calling Misty back to close. She answered the phone as if she was irritated. She said she would send text today to close. Never received text. Called Misty back, Quintin answers and say Misty is on lunch towards the end of the day. I said ok, left a message. Never received a call. So I called back again, asked for Misty; Quintin states she's busy and can't talk right now. At this point I'm feeling like she didn't want to speak with me. I know the process for loan approval. So I drive to local branch on Telephone Rd. As I waited until she closed with another party. I was then told she was too busy closing on the phone. I have to make an appointment. I drove to your branch, what you suggested I do if I can't close over the phone. I get there and I was turned away, to close 3 days later. Unacceptable!! This is by far the most rude and unprofessional company I have ever dealt with. Someone else needs to get my file and close! "
i had the most wonderful loan officer ever!!! thank you Tammy!!!! 
One main financial got me the money I needed. They seen I had a car loan somewhere. They took over that car loan and I was able to borrow $3500 instead of $2500 
Highly recommend one main financial..Fast and easy loan approval and the my agent Angelica was very professional and helpful with the entire process. i give this company five star......
"Heather was AMAZING. She gave me clear, concise explanations and options which were available to me. I was able to ask her questions to which I got explanations I understood. She was patient, had a sense of humor and did not rush me into making a decision. She called me back i was unable to speak at the time and it was not an issue. Heather called me later and walked me through the entire process. My APR is a little high but I totally understood due to credit score. I got the loan and was so happy..Thank you Heather ___"
Friendly environment  very nice customer service. Quick and easy application 
"Most excellent people welcome you with help , advice and kindness. I left my worries at the door an left problem free. "
I got two loans. Second one was a refinance. My credit score was over 700 and my rate stayed at top 34%. This is extortion. I've been paying and loss my job and still I'm trying and the interest is three times the principal.
"First of all, every third party company they work with for recruitment needs to stop suggesting them as a NO CREDIT CHECK company. They check your credit with every application. They also fail to tell you that every time you ask for a different amount or even have the slightest change on your application from income to spelling of your name they have to start all over resulting in ANOTHER CREDIT CHECK. When you share with them that you need the funds for an emergency, as in today, they take their time with call backs. That's a big IF they call you back at all.  I have yet to complete an application because of the run around they're giving me. They might as well request for the blood of my unborn child at this point.  Absolutely no help at all."
Bunch of uneducated hard headed pencil pushers that know nothing about financials. I requested a loan because I received an offer form them and I though nothing of it till the process came in. If they say thy call you back they won't. Had to call back multiple times to follow up. They do not know what documents they want. Every time I called to check to see why my application is not processed they asked for something else they did not mention before. They do not know anything about taxes or how income can be verified and worst of all they refuse to send the document to the underwater which I assumed knew more about these stuff. Such a waste of time an energy and credit pull. Don't do business with these people. 
"Worse company to get a loan, get a loan somewhere else, bad customers service "
All around good experience. Did not get what I was expecting but they did help me with a smaller loan. Friendly and fast .
System is incredibly incompetent at best. Unethical and possibly criminal at worst. Both web site and statements say bill is due even though you've paid already. First time I double paid and fought for refund.  Now statement says I'm due even though the same statement has my payment on it. Misleading into double payments. Also opens up being labeled as 'late' and fighting against penalties.  Complained to company ant told it's my problem to know what's happening even though they're telling me it's due.  Terrible terrible misleading service. Nothing but trouble and attitude. Run from this company 
Overall my experience was good. The application was easy and it came back saying I was approved for $7500.00. So I thought great and was contacted by a rep to complete my application. What I did not know was that the approval amount I received online was not true. After the final process I was only approved 1500.00 not the 7500 that was initially stated. I understood why I only qualified for 1500. I did not read the fine print online. That is my only complaint.   When I went into the office to sign the paperwork the rep was awesome. Explained things very clearly and had a great sense of humor. The process was quick and easy and even though I did not get the money I thought I was getting overall I got a great deal on the loan and was affordable.  Thank you OneMain!
Very polite and helped make sure I was able to get what I needed done!
"Very easy to work with, no pressure experience, and will get you what you need"
"Great experience.  Brenda was wonderful to work with.  Very professional, explained everything fully, answered all my questions.  Very pleasant atmosphere at the office.  The entire office staff was courteous and helpful.  Fast and efficient.  "
Carrie was great in helping me get what I needed . 
I got a pre-approved loan offer from them thru credit karma so I decided to apply. The process took two days total. Very easy process I went into the local branch to finish the paperwork and was told the funds would be deposited the next day into my checking account. This was about 330pm and about 800am the next morning the funds were in my account. I have nothing but good things to say about one main financial. 
I got my loan thru the mt. vernon office and had a great experience. China was very helpful and knowledgable. She has a great personality
"Excellent, prompt, very professional. But best of all, empathetic.  So grateful for this help.  Thank you.!"
The Team was great ___ I was about to come in and sign documents and get back to work. Great Job 
"Lack of communication and running my credit without my consent, ruined my chances of getting a loan with another company. Don't make contact with this company because they will screw everything up for you. My loan was for my wedding. Thank you OneMain for making my wedding impossible."
"On or near January 22, 2020 I called OneMain to inquire about getting a lower monthly payment on a current loan in good standing with OneMain Financial.  I recall a fairly pleasant conversation with a representative named Roosevelt.  He had a distinctly pleasant disposition and displayed professionalism, yet I believe that some of the things he communicated could have been clearer and/or more precise.  I specifically asked about having my current loan refinanced after having been a loan holder for a few months.  I recall him saying something like, 'we can take look at that,' or ""let's see what I can do to get that going for you.""  His words inferred something other than what I now understand the current practice to be.  Incidentally, I was offered another loan, with a cash payment and a similar payment to what I already had.  I did not want more money.  I wanted a lower payment but it was not explained that he was processing a new loan.  At the end of the conversation, he told me that the local branch would follow up.  I was not aware initially that I was not communicating directly with some locally given that I'd dialed the local number.  <br/> <br/> When I talked to someone from the local branch the next day, I was told that processing a new loan application involved a hard credit inquiry.  That was different from what I called for.  Had it been explained like that initially, I would have declined due to not wanting another hard inquiry by OneMain.  <br/> <br/> My issue is that I was not told that there would be a hard credit inquiry.  I thought they could somehow lower my interest rate or refinance without another hard credit inquiry.  I'd been receiving offers suggestion that I was pre-approved for a new loan.  I did not want an expanded or new loan, or a higher payment, or very similar payment to what I already had.  Another concern is that I was told by a couple of people at the local branch that I could submit my request in writing and that they would submit it for consideration.  I submitted a written request on at least two different occasions and no one has responded.  I believe that the process was not clearly explained, I am disputing consenting to a hard inquiry which has adversely affected my credit scores.  I do not want to make any specific negative allegations but I do know that I would have declined at the time had I known.  I am asking for special consideration be given to my circumstance and that the hard inquiry be revoked and/or that I be allowed to successfully dispute through my credit monitoring product. And, I'd like for someone to follow up with me about this situation and my request rather than have been ignored."
"Terrible business! I got approved for the.loan waited all day to get money but never got a confirmation message. I did the loan through Experian online, so I finally call at the end of day and they said no they wouldn't approve me because of the pandemic i had my business go under and am now trying to get bk up and running so need the loan. She said no she wouldn't help me! I was approved for loan but now I'm not? My credit is good I just need this to get bk on with my business. She wont so waited all day had to call them to get told no! And it hit hard on credit for their running credit and not getting loan! Horrible experience!!!"
"Excellent experience, very friendly staff, very easy process.  Completed in two days "
"All my experiences with the Elkhart office have been highly satisfactory.  The personnel are efficient, pleasant, and fully knowledgeable concerning the product and your options.  They are able to answer any questions you may have and I've never had any problems dealing with them.  "
"I've had no issues with onemain, they've been great up until we received a letter from the insurance company stating that we had been overcharged on the involuntary unemployment insurance. We were refunded a small portion of that amount and the difference, which was a huge amount wasn't! They decided to put that money that we had been overcharged,  towards our principal balance! When I called and asked why wasn't money returned to us, they advised it was their policy! Really? I believe if a customer was overcharged and money already added to balance,, refund should have been made to customer.  But what's done is done and now I'm just having to deal and not happy any longer. "
MY loan had to be cut 300 dollars bc the employee I worked with to do my loan wrote down the wrong information on my mileage..stating I had given her wrong information..ai could if let that slip to being my error.(which I knew it was not..I know the mileage on my own car).except when I closed she couldn't find my stuff in the computer..BC she had even put my social in wrong...she played it off as no big deal but bc if her descripencies.. I had to be cut short on a loan for the money I needed..and she had me in the office for THREE hours just to close and sign on a loan and I had to call and get my own payoff on my car before they would start anything....the whole process was highly unprofessional and I would like to be contacted!!
 I have a loan through one main. Every month I make payments. One main keep saying I never made payments. I make payments to head office of one main. I receipt to show I had made payments. 
"STEER CLEAR OF THIS COMPANY!!!!!!! I dont know if theyre selling information, discriminating or what- but like many black folks in this thread ive experienced the same issues of shady situations. I applied for a 4000 loan was preapproved for it and was made to jump through hoop after hoop over the course of a week. I had to furnish proof of income, proof of residence, and id- got that done and documents sat in so called review for 5 days...calling the office multiple times a day- n oone EVER picked up the phone. To get them to actually call me back i had to have someone from the main branch call someone in the local branch. After i FINALLY got through the lady says to me ""ill be honest doesnt look like youre gonna qualify because on your credit you have a 100 dollar bill with geico"" so she says theyll use my car as collateral i said ok- now she takes issue with whether or not my car is actually paid off (see the trend here...if any of my caucasian brothers and sisters experienced this please speak up because it is looking suspicious) So she calls the bank for my car loan and they confirm that the car was, indeed paid in full and they fax over proof...so now she says shes uploading the application to higher up and she'll call me back. 10 minutes later i get a call saying NOW we want proof that youre actually employed...HUH???!!!my pay stubs arent proof that im employed so that verification meant nothing and besides that youre sitting in my face calling me a liar or a fraud or both for a 4k loan that you intend on charging me 10.8k for over the life of the loan????? So i have to now endure this disrespect. Now im reading alot of these posts and the ones saying what im saying seem to mostly (maybe not all but mostly) of African American descent: there definitely seems to be some racist or classism at play in their decision making. I would add that my bank loan rate for 2k is 50 bucks a month for 48 months. Also my credit is a 714...and im Black as black can get. I will never do business with them and i would advise anyone else thinking of doing business with them to find an alternative- these people are unprofessional, disrespectful crooks. Period."
"Up until this morning I would have given OMF a 5 star review. I have been a customer since 2015 and they have always been helpful and accommodating.<br/> <br/> I have a loan with them which is secured by my car. As I said, I have been with them for a few years. My latest loan is a refi from my last one and I hit the 12 month mark today. No missed payments, paid by the due date, each and every month. <br/> <br/> I few months ago, my car started to go wrong, slipping gears, overheating, battery draining flat, etc. Then a couple of weeks a go it started developing an electrical problem and now we know why. Every time I turn a corner water is pouring into the inside of the car from the AC unit all over the electricals and creating a nice little lake in the footwell. <br/> <br/> I took the car to the mechanic again and was told emphatically that it should be parked immediately, it is too dangerous to drive and and the cost to repair is in the thousands. This car is about to hit 190,000 miles, would be worth $1,500 in great condition and is 13 years old.<br/> <br/> I clearly need to get myself a new car, but this is where the issue is - the lien on the car. The mechanic made it clear he wouldn't even give me $100 to take it off my hands and doesn't know anybody that would touch it. <br/> <br/> So I call my ONF branch. The guy I speak to, doesn't listen to a word I am telling him and says if I can get maybe $2,500 for it they can refi the loan. As I noted above it is worth $1,500 in good condition. I make it clear, I want to keep paying the loan, I don't want to refi, I just want to be able to get rid of the car, even if it means junking it and that I might as well park it in front of their branch and give them the key. We are getting nowhere so he transfers me to the Manager.<br/> <br/> Straight away the Manager is aggressive and says 'what are you expecting from me, we are going around in circles here and I have other customers'. Not a great start.<br/> <br/> So I ask him what it will take to be able to remove the lien from the car so I can get rid of it, he barks back without missing a beat, $7,500, So now we've gone up $5,000. Great. Then he tells me (very irritated) if I can give them a few thousand they can refi the loan. I don't want to do that,(I need to buy a new car obviously) and I am 12 months into a 5 year refi. If I refi again its going to be another 5 years and I'm never going to be free of this loan. So I say, sounds like my only option is to park this car on my drive and let it rot for 4 years. He replies 'Yep'.<br/> <br/> Thanks a lot OMF, I feel like a really valued customer. You've taken me from a very happy customer for 6 years, completely current with no missed payments,  to a very upset one, who is completely stuck in an impossible situation in less than 10 minutes.<br/> <br/> That's where loyalty gets you with OMF.<br/> <br/> Jeremy<br/> ******** NC"
Don't bother with this company.  Their interest rates are ridiculously high and they  get you by telling you that you are preapproved only to deny you later.  They should stop sending offers of approval in the mail if they are not true.
Today I received junk mail from One Main Financial and I do not want it.
I just wanted to check into a possible loan and start it I did not want it  and main one continuously contact me when I continuously contact me when I express that I didn't want to get a loan f I r sure yet after the fact I found out they did a hard inquiry  On my credit and when I decided I did not want their losn and when I decided I did not want they are putting a bad mark on my credit because I didn't want their loan are as if they didn't give the loan to me.
I love getting loans from them because they are always friendly and help me get the money I need it when I need it and fast. Thank you One Main.
"I applied for a loan and was approved. I had to constantly call One Main to complete the process. Every time I called I was told the Representative in charge of my case would call me back. Rarely did. I provided all necessary documents they asked for but between submitting documents and calling them to make sure they received everything this process took a month. When I reached out to them today I was told my application time out, and they were now declining my application. They had me jumping through hopes for a month, and not one person that I spoke with ever made me aware my application was in jeopardy of timing out. To add insult to injury they ran my credit twice decreasing my score by 7 points. I've never left a bad review before but having someone take a month of my time, and not even give the consideration to call me to state my application was timing out, or they changed their decision was very unprofessional. And very upsetting I can't get my time back, or my 7 points back to my credit score. "
"Easy and fast process. The ladies in the office were friendly, expeditious, and informative! "
"MY FIRST PAYMENT WAS 261.96 JUNE 18 IT WAS FIRST SET-UP BANK DIRECT PAYMENT, I WENT TO ONEMAIN AND TOLD THEM TO CANCEAL INS AN DIRECT BANK PAYMENT, WILL COME AND MAKE PAYMENT MY SELF, I WAS SETTING UP FOR ANOTHER BANK, WHICH I HAD. SO I SIGNED PAPER WITH SECRETARY ON DUTY AND LEFT, I MADE PAYMENT OF 261.96 FROM OLD BANK THAT I STILL HAD OVER 300 DOLLARS IN, I CALLED ONE MAIN TO SEE IF THEY RECIEVED CHECK, SEC, SAID YES. THAT WAS THE 14 OF JUNE. SO ON ABOUT ON JUNE 19 I GOT LETTER FROM BANK THAT ONE MAIN APLLIED FOR 195.00 WHICH IS MY MONTLY PAYMENT, I DON;T OWE ANYTHING UNTIL JULY, NOT ONLY THAT THEY APLLIED TWICE. SO MY BANK CHARGED ME 25 DOLLARS BOTH TIME WHICH CAME OUT TO 50 DOLLARS. WENT TO ONE MAIN THEY SAID YES THEY APPLIED FOR IT CAUSE OF CONTRACT, BUT YOU WAS PAID FULL AMOUNT ON THE 14, AND CANCEALED DIRECT DEPOSIT, I SAW LIES IN WHAT THEY WERE SAYING ALSO ON MY ORIGINAL COY THE TOTAL PAYMENT IS 5,383.96, NOW ON PAYMENT SHEET IT SAYS 5,910.39 BEFORE WE GET TO 5,000 DOLLAR LOAN I WILL BE PAYING INTREST OF 195.00 PEOPLE BLACK LIVES MATTER SO DO HOW WE GET TERATED FROM BLACK BUSSS, BUT GOD IS GOOD,"
"Process was simple . Except I had to keep calling the location to finish the process when I finally got  approved and they were going to buy out cash 1 loan so I can have one payment and relief . On 6/30/2021 loan was processed . On 7/1 check was sent to cash 1 as verified by the One Main representative . It is now 7/9/2021 and Cash 1 withdrew a payment from my account . So much for some relief . I contact one main they say cash 1 likes to hold on to checks to accrue interest . I call Cash 1 they verify they haven't received a payoff check . One main hasn't responded after letting me know the branch manager will track the check . Meanwhile I will keep accruing interest , I keep calling the location and they do not answer (they are open). We had an agreement and at this moment one main is not fulfilling their side of it . I did not want to leave this complaint but after getting the run around , no response and delayed plus interest still accruing on my end . I had to . "
I was treated with utmost respect. I got a fair interest rate and a payment that I can afford. The One Main team over in ********** Ga. were great to work with. I look forward to doing business with them for many years to come.
Very friendly and so easy to work with for obtaining a loan. I would refer One Main Financial to all my friends and family members. They will be delighted.  Thank you once again for your help.
I feel Discriminated against because of my race and victim of their Predatory lending practices.   Credit scores  between 680-720 and an interest rate of 27% do not make sense at all.
"It was a simple process, money deposited next day in my bank account.  "
"I was approved online for a loan and Shelby, and Sarah, kept asking to upload paystubs saying it was unreadable for 4 days. For my loan to be approved I called and Shelby did not want to do continue with my loan even though I was approved. She threw her kids in my face on the phone asking if I was going to pay for babysitting charges after 5pm but yet she was still there at the office doing business, Her ethics and customer relation skills needs to be worked on. I drove 2 hours to the Farmington office yet to be told to leave the office (not even halfway with the loan process) and was told to get a loan elsewhere and One Main would not give me the loan even though I was approved. This woman is very unprofessional and needs to be retrained in customer relation skills. I don't know what her title is there so I had called One Main customer care and they handle the first complaint fast yet the second complaint I was told to wait 48 hours after she asked to me to leave and she just walked out of the office. What a waste of time. I don't know why they hire people like that. I know that Farmington, NM is prejudiced against race. I have two payments left with them and I don't' think I will continue with their business. You get approved and yet they can change their minds fast.  Marsha"
Very helpful and really fast. We truly appreciate all you did.
"I needed 1500 to fix my 2017 car. I paid 14000 for it. Brand new, I got a good deal. Turbo went so I had to fix it. I went online to this company, they said we will pay the car off and give you 1400 extra so it was around 10000 I financed, So with interest maybe around 12 thousand.  19000 dollars!!! That's how much they charged me and I was NEVER told that. The ""office person"" said I can promise you I told you. I said I can promise you you did not!!! I NEVER in a million years would take out a BIGGER loan on a 4 year old car with 125000 miles on it! NO ONE would EVER do that. So they screw people over. RUN AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!  "
"If i could give negative stars i would give them negative 5 stars. I got a personal loan from one main in october of 2019 for 8700 to pay for airfare to mine and my husbands wedding in Guam. I've been paying on this loan for almost 2 years and you know how much i still owe on it ?? Also i pay over 300 a month. I still owe 8300!!! How is this even possible so only a couple dollars a month is going to the principal. If my husband and i were better informed and not rushed through signing we would never have agreed to this loan. By the time we pay pay back this loan we will have paid over $18,000 for an $8700 loan how can this even be legal. So now my husband and i start our marriage out with a nice big debt and this loan has already caused problems for us. I need to find a way to get a loan from someone else and pay off this one. I will make sure everyone i know or ever meet to never use one main financial this us the worst banking institution i have ever using in my 19 years of banking."
They take advantage of people trying to get out of debt by charging by charging them 8.52$ per day for a loan. And you end up paying so much interest each month it isn't right. So for others out there take it from me consider other options before giving One main Financial your money !!! There not there to help there there to take as much of your money as they can .
"I have insurance for my loan, lost my job was approved for PUA but the insurance from omf denied my claim. The insurance made my monthly bill significantly higher when I asked them to remove it bc it was of no help to me they told me my monthly bill would remain the same. These people are crooks and rude. If you're 2 days late they will call you multiple times a day, and your job. My husband was written up from their repetitive phone calls. Not worth whatever you need the money for. Plus I'm paying 8 grand over what I borrowed in interest fees. Dont even bother. "
"The young lady that waited on me had a great personality and that made me feel good, "
Stay away from this company.dont recommend any go therr.they harass you.threaten to take ya court.not willing to help stay away from they they are the worst people rude to ya
Everything was great and excellent customer service will be using them again in the future 
Great service ! Loan process sress free. Online access to account to pay and review loan easy to use. I highly recommend OneMain Financial Group. 
One financial place to go because when everybody said no one financial said yes they were fast cure courteous and respectful and when they said they were going to call a golden Alton
The loan advisor would not call me back even after promising to countless times. I had to call several times to get one question answered. At every conversation the information was changed or the requested information to finalize a lain was changed. They cannot get their facts straight run your information and promise you an amount and keep reducing that amount through the process regardless of paperwork you provide. They work more like a scam than a financial institute. It was completely unprofessional at every turn  
"OneMain cannot find my car's title for registration . I refinanced my 2015 Nissan Altima, originally bought in California in January 2016, financed with Ally, with OneMain.We now live in **********, Alabama, and CANNOT register my vehicle in Alabama (2 more years till it is paid off).<br/> <br/> **********, Alabama Probate Court requires a faxed copy of the vehicle title to register my vehicle. Consequently, I cannot legally drive it, leaving my wife and I with only one car.<br/> <br/> It has stressed me for months and has negatively affected my marriage. They get their payment every month via direct checking account payment.<br/> <br/> I feel stranded and helpless while my wife is at her job.<br/> <br/> I do not know what to do after calling them more times than I can count."
One Main was very prompt and fast with getting my loan approved. My representative who assisted me was professional and had the best personality. My loan was approved expeditiously and I was grateful. Thank you One Main___
Mike  was great to do business with very helpful and understanding of my schedule I work nightshift  thank you guys 
They sell your info.   Its against the law in calif.
Everyone was so nice and helpful. I would recommend one main financial to anyone for their loan needs
"I am so disappointed of OneMain loan.<br/> I asked for an small amount using one of my vehicles and they said they have nothing for me right now.<br/> I'm still paying on big loan with collateral and when I finish paying I will never used them again. Yesterday I gave them a 10 score on everything, but now imm la I regret  doing it.<br/> I'm not afraid to ket them know who I am.<br/> I feel bad for some workers in the Asheboro branch. Thanks for everything Michelle *******  you're the best. Good bye my friend.<br/> Sincerely: <br/> Cesar........ they know who I am and I will not recommend my friends and family to this company.  I can't believe they reject a couple thousand dollars and I could have put to vehicles down .<br/> But is their loss. I have other companies with better deals and no collateral needed.<br/> Good luck ONENAIN_________"
"I went to One Main Financial to help consolidate my bills after being robbed and injured in my home. I did get a loan from them however two of the vendors claimed that the checks I used to pay my account weren't valid and they were returned to One Main as unable to process. This has caused extreme harm to my credit. The first vendor issue was resolved after One Main ensuring that the vendor took the money and processed the money. After months of being passed around, One Main finally admitted that the check wasn't cashed and another check was reissued after 3 months. 2 years later, I found out that another vendor also never accepted the check provided by One Main, closed my account, and has this bill on my credit for now 2 years. During this 2 years I've been paying One Main for this bill and they have never notified me of the issue. I've been trying to continue with my efforts to fix my credit from being exhausted from medical bills and discovered that another vendor that I paid off from One Main is claiming that the check wasn't valid. I am currently going through the same run around that I went through 2 years ago. I've been trying to get this issue resolved for 3 weeks and I keep getting told that there are no available managers and to keep calling back. I'm desperate for help and this situation is making me feel physically sick. "
"Was told that I would get approved after giving all of my personal information, once the loan agent sent it up to their headquarters got  denied. The agent never told me why, was just instructed that i would get a letter in 30 days. I want my information removed. They are misleading since I got a pre-approved... This bank needs to be sued. I personally believe they are discriminating ..They deserve a negative star. I wish I would've read these BBB reports before I gave out my information. "
I was mislead to believe I was approved until I added my wife to my loan to getting my wife off of my loan to being denied after I went thru with all the paperwork to be denied after they ran my credit several times and now I can't get a personal due to the fact that ran my credit times and destroyed the little credit I did have I have paid all my credit cards on time or paid them off I pay all my bills on times and they said I couldn't afford a 150 a month Payment but I all my bills on time this is such a scam they say they want to help but when they find out you're black or poor they shut door on you and say it's not in your budget to get a loan. My question how do you know what my budget is I wouldn't have accepted the agreement if I couldn't budget that into my monthly expenses but they're rich and don't have these problems I will continue to work hard as I usually do and I hope this scam gets exposed for they are the poor gets highest interest rate to not getting it at all and the rich get rewarded with a loan of very low interest rates no interest rate at all. They are not out to help but hurt and destroy people 
The team worked relentlessly to assist my family. Catrina in the University store is friendly and hardworking. The manager Pam is also extremely helpful!
"I WENT WITH ONE MAIN IN ****** PA AND  STOP IN AND DROPPED MY PAPER WORK OFF AND HAD THE LOAN THE NEXT DAY..THEY TOOK THE TIME TO EXPLAIN EVERYTHING TO ME THEY WERE VERY  NICE , I HAD MORE TROUBLE DOING THIS REVIEW THAN IT WAS TO GET THE LOAN.. PAYMENTS ARE AFFORDABLE.. PEOPLE IN ****** WERE REAL NICE"
"Easy, simple and the staff were helpful and very nice to ease a potentially emotional or embarrassing time in one's life. Thank you for always treating me with dignity. "
"Loved the online process, made for an easy application. Thank you again for the helping when I needed it! "
"I have been a customer of One Main Financial in ***** **** Iowa for years.  I applied online for an increase in my loan.  A lady named Linda called me and left a message saying to call her at the office to discuss my options.  I called the office several times, NO ONE answered the phone.  I left 3 or 4 messages for someone to call me back, it never happened.  I finally got an email saying to call a 1-800 number to check the status on my loan.  I called this number, sat on hold for 25 minutes, spoke with someone who said I qualify for more I would just need to use my vehicle for collaterol.  Ok, so I downloaded all the documents they wanted me to and waited for a call.  After another week and a half of no call, I called to check the status.  This time I was told I need a co-signer too.  What a crock of ****.  I have done business with the office in ***** **** for years and never had such a problem.   I have gotten several loans from them and ALWAYS paid them back before they were due.  I will NEVER use this business again.  Nor will I recommend them."
"I had a great experience with Brandi at the ********** Md location. Brandi is just an awesome and wonderful person. She walked me thru the whole process and explain everything in detail to me. She was professional and personable. From the time I started online till the time I walked out of the office she made me feel at ease. I just want her to know that she totally rocks!!!! If you need help please go see them. All the ladies in the office were nice but Brandi was the one I worked with from beginning to the end. Thanks, Brandi I truly appreciate you!!!!"
Great personal service. Willing to listen and help you with your needs. Flexible with payments and honest with what you are getting. Thank you!
Fast easy approval.  I new immediately what I qualified for.  There were no hidden agendas. The staff was helpful and friendly. 
"I usually give a company the benefit of the doubt when it comes to customer service, however after many days trying to deal with the absolute horrible service I recently experienced with One Main Financial I lodged a complaint with the PA Attorney Generals Office for review.  Below is the complaint summary:   	Received unsolicited mail from One Main Financial saying I was pre-approved for a loan, Went to www site specified which stated in two places that entering data would not affect my credit score. There was no place on the form which stated interest rare range or fees for load initiation, etc. I filled out the required data and received an email and txt stating to call a number to go over the loan details. It was at that time I saw a ""hard credit pull"" on my credit report. AFTER the hard pull is when the interest rates (13-39% plus 150 loan initiation fee and 88 dollar processing fee) was explained. I complained and was given case number being told someone from corporate would contact me later that day or next day but they would put me on the ""Do not solicit"" list. I have been receiving daily contacts since (from the 10th - 15th) I waited 3 days and called back leaving a msg. Forest contacted me back on 6/15. stating the www page does provide info stating the ""hard credit check"". I asked him to ""print screen"" where that was or walk me thru it. I went online again while he waited and no where did I see their system state a hard credit would occur. He refused to provide the asked for information or provide the recording of the call (even though early on the call, he stated the call would be recorded). If feel this lending practice is unethical and not in compliance with ""Truth in Lending Act of 1968"" I have asked for the hard credit check to be reversed which the company refused to do. "
We have been struggling to meet our bills since the pandemic. The girl I usually deal with called harassing me about the payment. We just lowered the payment for a couple of months. I told her I was sick of this I should never have taken this loan out. The balance never goes down. I said some days I feel like driving over a cliff as a figure of speech. The cow called the Sheriff on me. Seems that she got great pleasure in doing so. Her name is Mayra S******* Let me tell you folks. Don't do business there. You can't even have a bad day where they take it upon themselves to interfere i your personal life. I will never speak to her again. I will never do business with her again. She got great enjoyment out of reporting our conversation to the sheriff. I have a business in our area that I have not been able to make any money with since Covid. It is ruining my reputation for her to do this. I should sue her for false reporting to the police with is a crime. She can shove her fake caring wellness check where the sun don't shine. If I could leave a star rating of 0 I would. Don't touch these jerks with a 10 foot pole. Sorry we walked in the door.
We talked to somebody for 2 weeks and were told that our loan was final. Then we were told they were using the wrong social security number and we did not qualify. They spoke to us for 2 weeks using the wrong social security number.
"The *********** NY branch of One Main Financial is HORRIBLE!!!!  There are several people that work there that are rude, don't listen to my concerns, and are not helping me with my situation.  I moved from WV and my branch there is in ******* WV ******* *** and they served me for many years and are WONDERFUL.  If i had to base my experience from the *********** NY location then i would never trust One Main again."
"I have been using One Main Financial for over 3 years. Even if the APR is a little high, the people I've interacted with have been amazing. I have had no issues with my loan, the representatives have always been nice and helpful, and there has never been any pressure to purchase the ""extras"" One Main has to offer. Compared to other reviews, I have to assume that my excellent experience has to be the area I live in and the individuals I interacted with. I will continue to use One Main as long as this experience continues."
FANTASTIC!!! My loan professional was excellent knowledgeable and would ans will recommend her to friends and family!!
"Fast,  fully help me with all my needs. Thanks One Main"
"Horrible Customer service, unfulfilled promises.  Onemain stalled my application for a month just to give me a big NO.  They refused to get the hard inquiry on my credit report and wasted my time.  Seek other reliable options with more efficient staff. Poorly managed and arrogant staff. "
THE LADIES AT ONE MAIN FINANCIAL IN **** HAWAII WAS AWESOME. THEY HELPED ME ZIP THRU MY LOAN PROCESS SO QUICKLY AND GOT ME 500.00 MORE ON MY LOAN. I AM SO THANKFUL FOR THEM IN HELPING ME GET APPROVED FOR THE LOAN TO GET THE NECESSARY THINGS I NEED DONE IN MY LIFE. MAHALO LADIES......
"After borrowing $2000 one time 8 years ago (and paying it off shortly thereafter) I am doomed to be on their junk mailing list for all eternity, it seems. No matter how many times I ask to be removed, somehow the offers always reappear. STOP. SENDING. ME. JUNK MAIL. So irritating. I'm over it."
"I have always had good service with each agent I have dealt with. Most recently the entire process was quick and completely painless. Working with One Main has allowed me to rebuild my credit, make needed home improvements and enjoy a stress free lifestyle. I am so glad I decided to keep the Home & Auto service plan. Within 2 weeks of closing  my car needed a new battery and the roadside assistance was amazing. Not one but three tow truck drivers responded and they got my car started but were ready to tow. Since I am already a Firestone customer, I was really happy to discover my membership gave me a 15% discount on the service!! "
"Beginning with the Sr. Loan Processor to the Branch manager, it was top of the line service. They saw the whole picture and documented it in professional style. I will highly recommend them and I plead their commendation "
The customer service is very very poor and needs to be different. The lady I talked to on the phone who was trying to finish my application was absolutely rude. She kept hanging up on me before the conversation was over.   She doesn't properly end the conversation before hanging up - she hung up in the middle of me talking not once but twice.   Regardless of my approval she should have properly ended the call instead of abruptly hanging up. I'm so dissatisfied with the quality of service. 
"5 years ago, I applied for a loan through One Main Financial in **** Georgia. The people there were nice and understanding because I had wanted to consolidate my debt. It helped at the time and I continued to pay my loan monthly. I was never late. I was always on time. <br/> <br/> Then the **** office transferred me to their ****** GA office and that's when things started to turn for the worst. I had to have payment modifications because my 20-year-old Chevy Trailblazer began to stall whenever I traveled long distances and out of my town to doctor appointments to my Mother's cardiologist, it would stall at the Steak N Shake in ***** and it even stalled at the One Main Financial building in ******* I had to hope and pray that my Chevy Trailblazer would make it all the way home and had numerous engine misfires locally in ******* and in **** ***** GA. Four engine coil packs had to be replaced. It was either pay One Main or just be stranded at the car repair shop once again because they require payment at the time of repairs and service.  Then the car's radiator blew making the car not driveable. Everything that went wrong with my 20-year-old Trailblazer did. <br/> <br/> Then things fell apart with my house. Displaced two times by a tree that dropped limbs every time it rained and had straight-line winds- producing tornadoes. Displaced a last time by the same tree when I had to do payment arrangements with a tree cutting service to remove this deadly tree and pay out of pocket for a new mast, new meter box, and a few shingles. <br/> <br/> I don't makeup stories about my car or my house. I don't make up any excuses when it comes to what is going on in my life. Nor do I lie. <br/> <br/> One Main has kept me from obtaining a used car because it was less than what they wanted to approve. <br/> <br/> I'm not subjecting my 20-year-old car to a trip out of my county to pay a pay-off. As I have often said, ""The car will not make it to your location and will be sending this check via certified mail! It will arrive tomorrow or Tuesday. Since Monday is a HOLIDAY. I expect my Title via Certified Mail! I expect a receipt of PAID OFF STATUS' via Certified Mail. I expect this loan to be over and done with."""
"I was referred to OneMain a few weeks ago and filled out an application for a small loan.  Almost immediately, I was bombarded with emails and multiple phone calls telling me I was pre-approved (I saved them all).  I talked to the agent (e.g.:  commission-based sales person) on Tuesday and was told to upload paystubs to a portal.  I opened an account and did so.  An appointment was set for Friday morning to close on the loan.  I did not hear from OneMain or the sales person.  I received no communication at all between Tuesday and Friday.   When I showed up, I was told there was a problem with the paystub I had uploaded.  Of course, I didn't bring it with me because no one told me I had to.  The agent seemed shocked that I didn't bring the title to the truck I was using as collateral or had driven it (it's a vehicle parked in my barn that I normally don't drive).  I told her that she did not tell me to bring the title or the truck, and she replied ""it was a busy week and I didn't have time to call you.""   In the end, there was no loan.    I tried to call customer service at OneMain, but their mailbox was full.  I tried to email and received a ""your emails is blocked"" reply (which I have saved).   Don't use this company, they seem to be the usual under-educated, under-performing, lack of care sales people who know nothing about customer service, the lending industry or basic standards for writing a small, secured loan.   I've cross-filed this complaint with Lending Tree (who referred me) and Yelp.   Don't use this company.   "
"They are terrible. They make mistakes and,errors with my account! And they try to cover it! A supervisor in March 2021 who talked down to me in a very discriminatory and racist comments!!!  They are dishonest untrustworthy!!!!!  I cant believe they as a company they would tolerate and let that happened!,but they do. Treating a person with discriminatory and racist comments are terrible!  They created mistskes and errors on my account and try to hide it and cover it up!!! Once again very untrustworthy and shady!!!!  Run run run!!!!"
Jake is always so nice to work with great customer service.
Very knowledgeable and informative as well as personable and professional customer service! 
I was approved for a loan. Called back on a Thursday was told they needed one more copy of paperworK. Called back Thursday no return call. Called back Friday said they would call back. No call. Called back Monday 4 times and finally spoke to my loan person but 3 people were working on the loan I was told. Was told they returned my call on Friday which they did not. Have my phone records to prove that. Monday was told the loan time was up they had to re do the loan then called and said we were denied!   Horrible company incompetent people !  ***** ********** WV
"If I could give zero stars, I would. This company is completely bogus. I've paid back over $1,000 of a $5,000 loan and still owe over $5,000. I've never been late and my balance isn't going down. This company takes absolute advantage of people. Every chance I get, I'm going to let others know to stay FAR away from One Main Financial regardless of their financial situation. Never again..."
Great experience went through loan great people working prescott valley
"I was on a covid19 leave from work and applied for unemployment because I missed 2 weeks of work. I called in and asked to have my payment pushed out because I had no funds. I was offered a deferment to pay part of my payment and then defer the rest. I set up a payment for the amount on the 25th for around 109. Well on the 17th I get a 36.00 NSF fee due to no funds in my account when a payment tried to get pulled. I call in and it was a mistake on their end where the payment wasn't canceled for the automatic payment. Then I was told to bring in the copy of the NSF fee and I will be reimbursed. Well I live in Blaine now and to drive there is 38 minutes so I said that is not an option. Then I was told to send it through mail. I don't have stamps or Envelopes. So I was told I can have one sent to me through mail. If I'm hurting and can't make my payment what would make you think I can wait for my 36.00 in gas money for probably 2 weeks? Then I was told to go and have it printed at UPS and fax it. To print its 3.00 to fax its over 6.00 and I said I will do that if I can be reimbursed for that as well but nope. So then I was told I can upload it to their website and I had to call another number to get into my account and then do it. I spent 33 minutes on the phone getting all that reset and then the person telling me that they never heard of what I was asking about uploading the document. I work over nights, back to work and working 12 to 13 hours a day, 1 kid home all day with me still doing distance learning and 2 others that need to be dropped off and picked up from school. So even dealing with this is not a good situation for me. From the very beginning I asked if I can just e mail it, there is no bank info as far as someone being able to use my account and I feel just fine sending it through email but was denied being able to do that. So I call back when I have time a couple days later after they pulled again from my account for 219.00 and give me ANOTHER fee!!!! Still the same run around. I clearly stated I moved too far away from them to drive there and also was asked to go to my bank and have them fax it. My bank is in woodbury so even further out then where they are located. So now I get to just eat the 2 36.00 fees because I have no other options. If they send me the Envelope by the time I get it, still have to somehow print off the paperwork which will still cost me to go to ups to do, and then they get it back I'll already be paid and won't even need the funds. It makes me sad to think they are making it this hard for me to get my gas money back. "
"At the beginning of the year I was contacted by the manager (Michael) at the One Main Office on Stage Rd. in ********* TN. I was told I had accumulated 135.00$ in late fees. I have automatic draft which I setup to come out my account before my payment was due so I definitely had a problem with the 15.00$ a month late fee accumulating 135.00$. After talking the to manager, I paid the 135.00$ that I didn't agree with and continued with my automatic draft. This month, May, I review my online account again and the late fees have accumulated to another 75.00$. Two weeks before I checked my account, a CS representative called me and offered me additional funds/loans. I asked her if my account was updated and she said it was. I called the ******** office, and the very rude, very disrespectful, young caucasian  female I talk to about my account  told me that my account looked like it was being paid ahead of time until it was close to the due date, then the computer would show it late and charge me late fees. AGAIN... she wanted me to pay late fees on an account that I had an automatic draft on, that I had already caught up almost 6 months ago. Why is my account STILL FALLING BEHIND. what are these people doing with my money? Putting it in your pocket !!!!. I ask the speak to the manager (Michael) who was equally as rude and told me several different stories before I got off the phone with him. The end result was, he could have waivered the late payments, which he did not, and I was being charged late payments for over a year on a partial payment of 30.00$ as far as I can tell from my account. The entire experience has been sooooo unworth it. I even asked the manager for the district manager's number who he said was unavailable. I asked to have my account moved to another store. These people do not have the best interest of the customer or even the company. I definitely don't TRUST them with my money."
"When applied through their website I was pre approved for 9600 unsecured loan. After submitting all the documents the company asked for I was approved for 7200 unsecured. The gentleman said we are ready to sign papers. When I said ok, he then so something is wrong I need to resubmit to corporate. He then came back with an approval for 1500 dollars. I spoke with the corporate office and they want my business tax returns, which is illegal. My business is a corporation with separate taxes, it has nothing to do with my personal finances. I then asked because they used a bait and switch tactics,  that they remove the credit inquiry for their bad business practices. They refused stating I was a legitimate inquiry. This is false, if the loan was never approved then yes, but, however it was approved for 7200 and I accepted it, making it a legal contract. When they backed out they broke the contract and therefore should remove the inquiry. "
Very smooth transaction. Pleasant agent as well. Doing business with OneMain Financial was a pleasure indeed. My agent Oscor  was awesome 
"Very appreciative of someone actually trying to help consolidate debt, without actually trying to take you to the cleaners. Will recommend you to anyone who needs a loan."
Excellent customer service! Answered every question and explained each document. Highly recommend.
"I have been steadily doing business with this company for at least fifteen years, and no problems. I paid what was due every single month an agreed upon sum. However, on April 26th of this year, I received not only an email, but a representative who quite rudely informed me that I owed them $938.00 in late payments, which are directly withdrawn from my checking account. I had been paying ""One Main"" $300.00 per month. But, this man informed me that I had $938.00 in late payments over the past year, which totally blindsided me. I had NEVER been informed by this institution of the increase for an entire year, which every company I deal with advises me of beforehand. $938.00 is a huge chunk to suddenly pay, and no offer of making payments on it. Luckily, I had the funds to do it, but I consider their actions irreprehensible by giving me no warnings beforehand. I would NEVER recommend this loan company to ANYONE, as their ethics are quite questionable.<br/> <br/> Thank you.<br/> Sandra H***<br/> <br/> *** ****** Drive<br/> ******* IL XXXXX"
I found the staff easy to work with and they gave me all the information I needed. I will do business with them in the future after paying off my new loan. 
"You did great, can't thank you enough!!!  You've help me when I knew you would be there."
"The loan process that took almost a week that ended with a decline. First I was told I was approve for a loan amount that applied for online but need more proof of me getting paid. Couldn't get in contact with the loan officer (Dee) after 3 days (she was always closing a loan with another client) I asked for a different loan officer told it could not be done ask for a manager to provide the information to. After providing more proof I was again asked for more records. I asked what would be the amount of the loan if I didn't provide more proof of what I make in a month. I was told that the loan amount would go down, go down to what I applied for. They were asking records of my monthly salary for a loan amount that I didn't apply for. The amount would be MORE THAN what I wanted. I asked the so called branch manager why was the loan manager (Dee) asking for more records if I'm approved for the loan amount I applied for. The loan amount ""somehow"" became more than what I applied for. I was later told that I was approved the amount that I applied for and also some forms needed to be signed but they could be signed electronically to finalize the loan. I was then transfered back to the loan officer (Dee) and she told me to wait till Monday to come in at 930am because 9am was not a good time for her. I said let's make it 10am so she can be at her best since the loan amount was messed up. Now Im at the branch in the flesh and I am being told that I'm being declined because loan officer (Dee) could not get in contact with me. I was just on the phone with customer service, the branch manager and the loan officer (Dee) Friday that how I knew to come in Monday, I set the appointment up with loan officer (Dee). I feel like decision are being made off appearance or they want a particular client in mind. I felt didiscriminated against Loan officer (Dee) did no further credit check and didn't ask for my ID. Made me wait to walk in on Monday to tell me I'm declined because she couldn't get in contact with me even though I was on the phone with her this past Friday. With all we have have to deal with now and days an loan application should not be like this. The practices done at this firm seem unethical destructive and this can reflect negatively on my credit.   "
"I have done business for several years. Along the way they created a point system which could be used to earn rewards. I had accumulated almost $325.00. With no known notice, They ended program. Did not send money to me, did not roll in to my account towards my balance...they simply erased. I will pay off my account shortly. If a class action suit is possible, I will particapate!"
This is a predatory loan company. Do not recommend  for anybody.
"This establishment has to worst business practices ever.  I paid off a five year loan (in about 2 years) and they added more to the loan.  I told them that if they added more, it would not get paid until the end of the loan.  After 2 years they called trying to get me to take out another loan and it would include what wasn't paid from previous loan.  I told them I would pay at the end of the five years and to stop calling me.  They called everyday and left harassing messages on my phone, then start calling everyone that I had listed on my reference list.  It got so bad (John the Manager), that I finally blocked them from my phone...then they started calling from different numbers (which I have proof).  To make matters worse, now they want to mess up my credit, which I worked hard to get a good score, by saying they are adding 30 days late to my record.  What a desperate company.    In the beginning I remember them asking me to write a good review for them, now i see why."
"I don't know what office Harrison is in, but he answered the phone when I dialed an 844 number XXX-XXXX, the number listed on a credit report inquiry that I did not make.  If you know Harrison, please let him know that I am writing to report his condesending behavior.<br/> I called because on 5/2/21, a Sunday, a credit report inquiry from your estabishment posted. No one picks up your phone on 5/2 so it's obviously a robocall device. Harrison claimed that there were 19 attempts to reach me at my phone number, which I disconnected except for outgoing calls. HIs response when I asked him if he normally extends credit when he's unable to reach the person by phone and, without skipping a beat, he said, ""I'm talking to you right now,"" showing he has obviously performed this trick before to meet some quota.<br/> I confirmed that the email address he had was wrong, but still he seemed prepared to extend whomever requested it a line of credit! <br/> I told him I have since frozen my credit to prevent this type of fraud, but when I asked him what becomes of the paperwork in his files, he said I'd need to file my own fraud report because, ""not that I don't believe you, but you could be anyone."" Why would ""anyone"" waste time calling to advise your agency that there was suspected fraud? But, he said no one was available to speak with me, he was, he indicated, his own boss in the company of 3, and I could call your customer relations line and ""complain all day long."" <br/> Yes, I told him he was an *******. <br/> Your company lacks integrity and I will report the fraud that your agency perpetuates by not checking thoroughly before issuing credit which subsequently ruins people's credit!"
"Customer Review Rating is 1.49/5 on average of 267 customer reviews. I'm adding a 1 star review because the Sacramento, CA branch manager, Munit, decided that he could bust my ****** instead of answering my legitimate questions regarding the misrepresentations of his staff. I submitted an application online. His staff follow-up to sell a loan product, and needed more information to complete my application. <br/> <br/> They misrepresented their offer to fund a loan based on my 2019 tax filing in order to get me to complete the application. One the documentation was in place, they switched the offer terms by indicating only my 2020 tax filing would qualify me for the loan. I have threatened to sue them on legal grounds related to misleading sales practices and my PII privacy rights in the state of California, and this is neither an empty threat not a frivolous one.<br/> <br/> OneMain Financial<br/> 3541 N Freeway Blvd, Ste 105<br/> Sacramento, CA 95834<br/> <br/> BRANCH MANAGER: SACHDEVA, MUNIT <br/> <br/> BBB Rating & Accreditation is A+ - this does little to offer BBB any credibility since there are hundreds of complaints and negative reviews on this business, and they are openly hostile to prospective clients, denying any culpability and hiding behind their legal interpretations of laws designed to shield their illegitimate sales practices."
"I received an email offer from One Main Financial.  I filled it out.  I was told I was approved based on my income for 4 years for a $4000 mini loan.  I then filled out the application and was told I was approved.  Then after pulling my credit, requesting insurance, copy of registration I am told that I can not be approved.  You take all of my info and then say I'm not approved seems like a bad practice.  You took all of my information which if denied should have been said during the pre-approval process.  Now I have a hit on my credit and no loan which I could have easily paid with you guys.  Your business is a bad practice.  I will make sure that you never treat anyone like this again.  Telling me I'm approved then calling me and asking me to get a cosignor is just terrible.  You guys are awful!!!"
I thought it was great!!! Everyone there was fantastic! Highly recommended 
"I called requesting a refund to my account and I spoke the branch manger and another representative both were extremely rude and unprofessional. The manger kept yelling and told me to call back then hung up the phone. I called back and no one picked up. I have tried calling this office from 10:13am to 10:38am over 41 times and no one was picking up the phone. They just let the phone rang and go to voicemail purposely. I left several voicemail and email never received a call back awful response time. I had to call the customer service number for them to reach the branch for me...horrible service quality. If I never had to deal with this branch ever again I would prefer not to. They are rude tone of voice, unfriendly, unprofessional, doesn't show concern for their customers, Can't get a hold of a real person, Rude discourteous behavior, Lack of manners....just disgusting."
Leslie provided amazing customer service/support. It was a seamless process with same day availability of funds!!!
I would give less than zero Stars if i could was told I was approved for a loan and then told I wasn't improved for a loan and nothing changed about my application. The lady I talked to sound like she had me on a speaker phone I couldn't understand her half the time.
They absolutely saved and made it easy to get a loan and get a new car since mine decided to die. Super friendly and helpful staff and payments are easy to handle.
"The details...<br/> <br/> I received a prescreened offer in the mail and decided to follow through with an online application.<br/> <br/> I was preapproved pending verification. I submitted all of my pending verification documents on 4-21-21 and waited. <br/> <br/> No one called on 4-22-21 so I decided to give them a call around 9:30am cst on 4-22-21.<br/> <br/> Yarely **** was working on my application, at this point she had no details for approval or denial, she ask if I would be able to come to the office once approved and I said yes.<br/> <br/> Several hours go by, no emails or calls about the pending application. <br/> <br/> I called back @ 2:40 pm cst to OneMain to get my approval details, when I was placed on hold for 5 minutes, then I hung up.<br/> <br/> Yarely **** called me back and said I was denied, so I ask why.<br/> <br/> She said because your credit and your car is depreciated. Things she knew already.<br/> <br/> The aftermath...<br/> <br/> I'm totally not pleased with a denial of a prescreened offer where verification pends approval, but then I get denied.<br/> <br/> Poor customer service, very unprofessional. Disparaging and feels discriminatory. Beware. <br/> <br/> Reading these reviews I'm glad i got denied."
No complaints.  Yasmith was very professional and courteous.  The entire process was explained and she made certain that I understood the rules.  I am very satisfied with the company.  
I got an offer in the mail from them and I applied for a loan. Unfortunately I didn't read the fine print about using your car as collateral.  Since my car is being financed the title is not in my name so I didn't proceed any further with this loan. Now I'm getting multiple calls a day about processing my loan. I have told them that I'm no longer interested but yet the calls keep coming! I got a small loan with my bank instead with a much better rate a no collateral.  After reading these reviews I'm glad I didn't take out a loan with them. 
"Copied from my google review -   I refinanced my vehicle and Was given an option to chose some extras including life insurance, auto benefits, and a loss of income benefits to lower my APR. that I could cancel these extras and Lower payment after a month. This was a lie, they will let you cancel however, your payment does not lower rather than come off the end of the loan...so the lower payment I was looking for which is the entire reason I refinanced didn't happen. Thought that was pretty shady.  Next problem - my last loan payment with the previous lender was split bi-weekly but they set this up as monthly telling me after first payment, I can switch it to bi weekly. Called to switch over, signed online to approve this change and all. Come to find out the date was the only thing that changed and I still paid my full loan amount. The issue is I only transferred the bi-weekly payment and it over drafted the full amount plus an overdraft fee. They canceled the full payment and admitted the mistake and told me I just needed to pay 2 payments by first payment of the next month. I received an email confirmation that the full payment was canceled and to re set up the bi weekly payments once the payment was returned.  Unfortunately this was also wrong, they took the full payment again only 2 days later while I'm out of state and now we are stranded as that was our gas money to get back home. We can't get ahold of anyone at their office as they are closed over the weekends.  The people are nice, they will get you refinanced and approved but it seems that's where the strength of their training is, get people in the loan and screw the rest. I just paid a full car payment that wasnt budgeted for (we budgeted for split payments which we signed paperwork for) plus $32 in overdraft fee and a $32 returned payment fee."
Outstanding customer focused service. Explained each step in the loan process. No pressure to add other options to the loan. Complete process was conducted efficiently online. Longtime customer with no complaints. 
Fast and easy to understand and explained well very happy
loan app went smooth and paperwork as well. interest is tooooo high!!! but I will work with them on that. hopefully get it down to manageable
"One of the debts (Capital One credit card) that was supposed to be paid off with my loan, never received the funds to pay off the card.  I called and emailed my local branch to inform them, and they have not called me back or fixed the problem.  Not very happy right now.  It's bad enough they are making a ton of money off of me with their ridiculously high interest rate, but they didn't even fulfill their end of the agreement.   If I don't hear back from them soon, I'll have no choice but take legal action."
"I sincerely regret ever giving One Main Financial our business. If I could leave zero stars, I would. We had a loan with them for several years and they clearly could careless about customers who have been with them. I will never recommend them to anyone and will be sure to strongly discourage anyone from using them. Extremely poor customer service and overall, feels like a scam. Never again."
"I applied for a loan through my current Loan Provider who referred me to One Main Financial. I applied for the Loan and had the unfortunate experience of dealing with their Berwyn Location (mainly HISPANIC). I sent in the proper documentation when doing so the Associate started stumbling on her words and offering multiple reasons why she could not move forward with my loan application. First, it was my ID.  Then it was because it was not a valid ID(Which it was ) Then it was NOT an IL ID (I am a dual state Resident ) Then I was told that my  ID was not a Federal ID (Federal ID's are not ENFORCED or MANDATED until October 2021. So if this Business has accepted any other IDs based upon any of the aforementioned categories ...This serves as a witness that One Main Financial supports discriminatory practices at the Berwyn Location. I received a call from a man called Cody who also gave me no particular policy on the acceptance of IDs related to the Application process. When confronted with the Loan officer's Behaviour Cody then advised that we have the right to refuse service to you. Your Identity could not be verified when I was not allowed to come to the Office and present my credentials. BE AWARE...  DISPARITIVE TREATMENT IS RAMPANT WITHIN THIS ORGANIZATION "
"I closed a loan with them almost a year ago and they messed up sending title of my vehicle to wrong address, now I have  an issue trying to register my vehicle in Florida because I moved to Florida and have no way to request my title unless I ask for my title by mail that will take a lot of time to register my vehicle. The worst part is that they do no accept they did wrong and customer service in ******* ****** , Fl  its poor. When you ask them for number to request title or any need they just told you to google it not help at all after you make all your in tome payments and they was the ones messed all out."
They originally set me up for unemployment protection but when I went on unemployment they denied my claim even though the Covid crisis hit they also went after my credit immediately after I couldn't pay. Now I'm being treated like an entirely different person since I cannot pay and they refuse to honor what I paid for up front and unemployment compensation! 
"I would do zero stars if I could!! I lost my job due to the pandemic and they decided to take me, a single unemployed mother of 2, to court and they are trying to get my money garnished for being unable to pay them back due to a serious financial crisis!!"
Terrible service!!  Took a double payment from me and now I sit and wait for them to fix THEIR ERROR!  The worst decision on my part to get involved with them!  Be careful if you're thinking about using One Main!!
I have been doing business  with One Main for years even when they were other names but since they have became One Main they don't have policies and procedures to help the customer but are totally the opposite. The people who works there are rude and disrespectful to the customers I guess that's because the only way you can renew your loan is if the computer says that you can with that being said they must feel like they don't have to have good customer service. What ever happened to taking care of the customers because without us there wouldn't be a job for them to have nor would it be a company. I have filed complaints against some of the agents but nothing has ever changed. After all the years of being a customer I am not pleased with them as a financial establishment changes need to take place because the way it is now is not to help consumers.
"I have been a good customer & borrowed money & paid it back. Two very decent honest people have quit this company! Their operation is now crooked $6000 interest on $1500. I paid for 2 years now I have filed bankruptcy! Just warn other people, they are dishonest, without explanation & they don't care what collateral you have."
"If I could give negative stars, I certainly would. My son went to OneMain for a car loan. He asked me to cosign for him as I have excellent credit. I will do every thing in my power to keep people from being ripped off by this company. My credit score immediately took a hit by 6 points just for talking to them. Once we found out what interest rate they were offering, we took our business elsewhere. Then, this company had the audacity to send me a declination letter. THEY think they declined me? I never even filled out their application. I Emailed them back 3 times to quit bugging me about filling out the app. I had found a better deal with another institution. And then I get this letter in the mail .  If you need money for a car or something, please DON'T be fooled by their friendliness and charm!!! They do talk a very sweet talk, but they don't care one iota about building your credit back up.  "
"I regret borrowing money from this place.  I've never been harassed so bad in my life.  Im 55 years old.  I had covid in March of 2020.  I was out of works for a few months and other times after that.  I've been sick for a year and am current on loan.  They call me up to 5 or 6 times in a day, even when I'm at work whenever they need paper work.  I have was called 6 times today at work. 6 TIMES!!  I've told them several times PLEASE DONT KEEP CALLING ME AT WORK.  THEY DID IT TODAY AGAIN.  TYLER THE MANAGER KEPT CALLING ME AFTER I TOLD HIM TODAY TO STOP.  Don't get involved with this company.  IT IS SHADY!!"
"For Several years I've been a customer of this company in Indiana. When I moved to Georgia I incurred some expenses that I need to increase line of Credit. They requested my title to do so. I agreed with the understanding that when I pay this down by half they would release the title back to me. I called today agreed to run my credit so I could paydown on the loan by 60% thus releasing my title back to me. Since the time I took this loan out I paid off another car, took care of numerous balances and reduced my credit cards. They came back with a Lower amount to offer and still wanted to keep my title. This is a pure CASE of BAIT and SWITCH if any ATTORNEYS see this please give me a call I would like to Sue them for this Thank you."
"Tried to payoff a loan early. The branch manager could not tell me what the principal of my loan amount was without interest. I simply asked for the payoff total that is actually owed on the remainder of the loan with no interest. He had no clue. I explained to him that there would not be interest on the remainder of the loan if I paid it off early and he agreed but told me he had no idea what the payoff would be without the interest. Talked in circles. Had no clue what ""unearned interest"" was. I suggest they get better training. There's no reason to pay off a loan early if OneMain is going to charge interest anyway simply because they don't know how to subtract the difference. I'm not paying off the loan if its not in my interest to do so.   I will NOT return to OneMain again."
"I just started a new loan with One Main Financial.  I made my first payment without issue. Then I made a larger payment in the middle of the month.  The next day I checked my balance which was still too high for what the balance should reflect based on the extra payment I just made. When I called to inquire about this, the guy said the ""loan amount"" within their app doesn't reflect interest.  Between the date of my statement March 17th and the additional payment I made, March 23rd, how did I accrue over $46.00 in interest that is not reflected in my loan balance. I think these are some shady practices. I will be paying this off in the next day or two and be done with them. They don't deserve to have anyone's business. "
"I used this company to get myself out of a tough situation and they completely screwed me over. I had signed up for the unemployment insurance when I consolidated my loans with my car. Not long after that, I was unemployed due to childcare issues, and shortly after that, COVID happened and I was unable to find a job. They had told never gave me ANYTHING about the terms and conditions of that specific insurance, (along with the other policy's they somehow scammed me into making me think was a good idea to add onto the loan.) I got released from my job because I had missed too many days because of child care issues. They asked me for my last paystub. I had 37.2 hours and they said, ""oh well since you didn't work 40 hours you don't qualify for the insurance."" Then said they put the money back. Um WHAT?! I signed up for UNEMPLOYMENT insurance... in caseI got UNEMPLOYED!! So then in the MIDDLE of COVID they said I could defer my payments for a few months and THEN told me I had no other option rather than to do a ""loan modification,"" in which I STILL made half of my payment each month. So now I am trying to pay off my loan early. They tell me my payoff is 21k when I only borrowed like 20k and been paying for a while now! This is absolutely disgusting. He says since I did a loan modification that makes it a interest bearing loan. Completely screwed me over. Now, instead of just paying off the balance WITHOUT the YEARS of interest left, they won't allow me to do that and say I have to now, ""settle."" Which I don't want to settle, I want to show that I paid my loan off. These people are scam artists. DO NOT EVER GO TO THEM!"
I was amazed at how willing they were to help me in my time of need. It went very fast and i didn't even need to go in i was able to do everything over the phone. I would recommend this company to anyone in need. 
"Took out an emergency loan of $9500 in Oct. 2018. Here it is March 2021 & my balance is still $7,660. My monthly payment is abt $345 which only like $60 is going toward my principal balance. THIS IS HIGHWAY **** ROBBERY!!!! I STRONGLY SUGGEST FINDING ANOTHER MEANS, IT'S NOT WORTH IT!!!!"
"When we redid our unsecured loan for additional cash we had to use our car as collateral.  We specificaly asked them what needed to be done to get the car released.  We paid more than what was due biweekly and have never been late with a payment.  In fact, we are nearly 7 months paid in advance.  When we first called months agao to get the car released so we could sell it, they gave us an amount that nearly equaled the amout that we took out for additional money when we added the car as collateral.  ???what??? At that time when I talked to the Office rep she was extremly rude and made highly condisending remarks.  Today 3/22/21 I called back again after additional months of paying on the loan and did the new quoted ""payoff"" to get the title released and this new person that assisted was just as bad.  I asked how I could go about getting something from them right away that shows the lien is released and they said I could not stop there to get anything that I had to wait days/weeks to get the paperwork and title so I could sell the car.   ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE COMPANY!!!  I will continue to make my payments to pay off the balance and probably will start paying more.  I cant get away from them fast enough!"