reviewDescription
"It was and easy an really fast process, the next day I have the money in my account, you have access to all the information about paying your loan thru the app. Super recommended"
So quick and easy!!! I was surprised they accepted my poor credit score.
Thank you great experience no hassle pain free.thanks for the help when nobody else would
Very pleased __ they were fast and gave me a chance and when you pay off you can another loan next day. 5 star from me
It was easy to complete the application online. Received response of approval in minutes. Money was in my account the next day. Easiest process I've ever experienced!
"It is one of the worst credits I have ever had in my life, it is definitely my fault for not reading the interest rate correctly, it is exaggeratedly expensive!! I had the credit for 7 months and of the 4 thousand they lent me, the balance I settled was $3,750!!!! In the 7 months I only paid 250 of the balance!! and my payments were $360 dollars a month!! I would never recommend this credit company because they take advantage of people's needs!! I understand that there must be a profit but this interest rate is an exaggeration!!!"
"Very nice people and very helpful..
I would recommend y'all to my family and friends."
Came through quickly was an easy application process and really helped in a pinch.
"I have now used Rise several times when I needed extra money right away. The process is extremely fast and they give you different payment options, showing you everything up front before you accept the tearms. I will warn the interest rates are high and it may not be the best choice for everyone. The loans do not have any early payment penalties, so if you are able to pay extra and/or pay it off quickly you can avoid the high cost."
"I had an unexpected expense come up and even though I work wasn't able to come up with the full amount needed. I had heard about Rise and decided to check it out. I applied and was instantly approved. Due to the weekend and a bank holiday on Monday I got it within 3 days! It was in my account by 4am!!! I am thankful and grateful that, even without the best credit, I was able to get this loan and pay what was needed!!! Thank you Rise!!!!"
Easy to fill out application. Fast decision and received funds in my bank the next business day. Highly recommend.
Very easy and convenient to get the loan that I need. I’ll recommend it to any of my friends that needed a loan. Will definitely come back to get another loan in the future.
"My son needed a past due balance paid for college to register for his current classes. I applied for a loan and received a response and funding immediately! Thank you for being there for my family in this time of need! I’m relieved, thankful, and grateful!"
"I have to agree that it getting the loan was simple but I would not recommend getting it unless you are certain will you play the loan back in a matter of days. The interests rates are outrageous on top of the $5.52 charge each day. Borrowed $1500.00 in November, paying $100.00 every other week and still have a balance of 1480.00. I would not recommend getting yourself in this kind of bind. I pay it because I don’t want to mess up my credit. Biggest mistake ever."
They are easy and no issues way of getting a loan. Very good. Definitely recommend!
"My experience was great because it didn’t take long to complete the application and the approval didn’t take long.
The company took a chance on me. Most companies only send denial letters."
Was need to get a loan to consolidate my credit cards to try to get my credit score up. This company was very easy to use and they were very fast about the process. They show you your payment schedule and are very upfront about their pricing. The loan is super expensive but I’m someone who needed it to help increase my credit score so it worked for me.
"I took a loan out back in July. I’ve been making payments of about 500 a month and my balance owed has only decreased by about $71.00. I understand this is an expensive loan but to pay over 2k and only have my balance decreased by $71 dollars, that is ridiculous. If you’re considering taking a loan out, go somewhere else. there is no reason why you should be paying over 2k only for your balance owed to be decreased by such a small amount."
Customer service and the fast response to help me with this loan was great.. and the peoples I spoke on the phone was professional and polite.. thank you
"Rise made this experience VERY easy and was not made to feel like I should not have reached out to receive help. The process was very understandable and I had no questions about anything.

Thank you Rise"
"On 2/3 they pulled by credit report from agencies, and then ask to verify my SS. I give them my SS. they said I mistyped a number, I told them how did they inquiry on my credit report, they kept accusing me of giving them wrong info. I sent them my credit report, and they said they don't have any way of verify if they did pull my credit report. Their name is on the credit report. If someone stole someones identity, they have no way of finding the application."
Please don’t contact me again. You told me I was approved then you declined my application after you told me to enter the code from my email when I clicked over to get it declined my applications so after I carefully reviewed and thought about it I have made a decision if my own do not contact me by mail text or email. I’m good
"All went fine, still waiting for a copy of my documents.
Please mail me a copy asap
Can I please have phone number of customer service for any future response.
Kind Regards,
Suzanne K wells"
"It's super easy and quick to get the money. It's also super easy to set up payment. My problem is the 134% interest. I understand you're here to make money, but after paying on a $5000 loan for over a year now and still owe $4700 feels like straight up robbery. Long story short it's super easy to sign yourself up to be taken advantage of. Thanks for the money, but please dissolve your company and yourselves."
I don't like the amount that I'm paying back getting taken out all at once instead of weekly or biweekly payments.
I put in my application the Friday before Christmas. And I was hoping to get my loan on Saturday. But because it was on Friday the system was telling me I would probably going to get it on Tuesday the day after Christmas. When I opened up my bank account on my app on Saturday low and behold I had my loan on Saturday. My experience with rise credit was great was easy and I got my loan right away.
"Wowww! I don't know how to thank Rise credit I was really in need I applied one day and the money was already in my account the next day I was so happy, I will recommend anyone to choose them they are so good. Please go and make the same experience I made you won't regret it. God bless"
The easy of applying and getting approved. Takes the headache away and you can relax.
"Applying for a loan with fin rise company was a good experience in that the team communicated effectively and efficiently in approving the loan and detailing how much the cost of the loan. The process was fast, easy and understandable even though this was an expensive loan. I was able to meet the help that I needed for the loan and very much appreciate the company was able to approve the loan. Thank you!"
"It didn't take long to get a loan after all my information were taking. This is good because time is money and money is time. My loan was deposited in my bank account so fast, I couldn't believe it. So I I'm satisfied with giving Rise a 5 stars rating."
"I pulled out a loan for 3500 to take care of unforseen events in my life. They deposit the funds into your account within 24-48 hours however here's the negative, they take advantage of the fact that you need money and take advantage by giving you a rate of 149%, that means if by the end of the loan term the total will be over 10,000$."
This process was so fast so quick and has gotten me out of a bind I will always and all already have recommended your company. Hands-down rise is the best Joan Hairston.
"This is a predatory loan. It only gives you the option to pay more on the principal the same day payments are due, therefore if you think you want to pay it off early think again, you will be paying in full or paying twice as much over time on the loan. It does not allow you to remove autopay, it basically sets you up for failure. I have been paying on it for over 3 months now and still owe more than the amount I took out. I only got it to help with my credit and its not even reporting. I will be paying it and full and cashing it out on my next payday. Had I known what I knew now I would not have gotten it."
Fast services and approval...But however the pay back is out outrageous. Please make sure you apply on a desktop and not your cell phone were you can see every little detail. If I would have done it on the desktop I probably wouldn't have gotten this loan. Just because of the pay back. So it's based off how often you get paid not once a month like most loan companies I have dealt with in the past. Also the APR IS WAYYYYYY TO HIGH. If you're not good at managing your money you could hurt your credit then try to build your credit.
Fast and easy ans they don't overcharge you like some of these companies. I highly recommend Rise.
Well honestly I didn't think this loan was really going through but excitingly it did I appreciate the offer and chance to increase my credit and want to say thank you and the process was excellent
The representative that assisted me in the final processing was very professional and friendly. The steps to apply were easy from start to finish and I was accommodated in a timely manner.
"Rise Credit was there when I thought I had an emergency at hand,and was a false alarm.Thank you for being there for me."
"Applied for it on a Friday, still haven't received it. CANCELATION OF LOAN IS IMMINENT!!
Went to another Personal Loan provider approved same day and funds immediately allocated.
Rise will not get my business again."
"I would avoid this company at all costs. I paid my loan off early and they still took out a payment from my account. When I called on it, I was told it would be 3 to 5 days. They can give you money the same day but fixing the problem takes 3 to 5 days. They keep my money but when or if they return it without interest. 144% interest on my loan but no interest on keeping my money. ***UPDATE*** Today is 02/20/2024 and I'm still waiting for my refund. Was told this past Thursday that the refund would be there on friday. Guess what it's Tuesday and was told again today 3 to 5 days but they are trying to expedite it. They can mess around with my refund but be one day late and they blow up your phone. Shame on this company."
"Hello, by far the simplest loan process I have ever experienced. I was just looking for a small loan to bridge a gap before I can cash some stock and this fit the bill. More than exceeded my expectations. Thank you!"
Application was easy and customer service is great
After being rejected several times Rise gave me the chance I needed to get back on my feet. It was quick and easy.
Straight forward online application and the process of the money was great
Made it very easy although the interest rates are high if you do a smaller loan and pay xtra even by $10 you’ll accomplish your goals
Excellent service! Easy application process and fast response! Simple documentation process and quick direct deposit of funds within just a couple days of approval! Real life saver for me financially speaking!
Getting the loan was quick and easy. Paying it back is even easier. They can withdraw monthly payments from my account and I don’t have to do anything.
"I had been paying on time, then due to my local bank closing, I had to change banking accounts. Rise made it very difficult for me to update this information online so I resorted using my debit card to make payments online instead of checking account information. Long story short, they flagged my debit card as fraudulent and I was unable to make any more online payments. They will only receive cashiers checks as a single parent working full-time it’s hard to make it to the bank during banking hours to get these checks. Every time I get a different story one lady one as far as to letting me send her my new checking information via email and told me it would be updated so I could continue to make payments online. This never happened now now I can’t even access my online account to see how many payments I have left. Yet, I still continue to make my payments."
It was a very easy process to apply and got a positive response
Very professional experience. I provided all the necessary information and with in a hour the loan was approved. Thank You very much.
"Easy, effective, great experience as a new client thus far. Thank you"
Gentlemen was very courteous and helped me step by step. I would recommend you guys.
"I was more than grateful for the loan. It was very simple, so I applied for $1500 because I thought it was a joke or it was going to come back that I was denied. I really should have applied for the total offered. It helped me out a lot and it was in my account the next day as promised."
"I was Blessed when you approved me for the loan, I'm so grateful __ __ God is Good . When I'm done in April or may I'll always keep you in mind and RISE to the occasion thanks so much ."
Great the process is easy and you get your money fast and you can payoff when you want
"Great easy loan experience !! Applied for loan on a Friday, received funds Monday around 5pm pst time."
Easy! I had to speak with a rep to reset my information. She was awesome also kind and knowledgeable. It made the process fast and easy. Funds where available the next day.
"Great and Easy Process
The application process was easy, and as promised, they delivered my loan within 24 hours of the application."
I have worked for a Bank for 20yrs. Getting a loan is very easy with risen credit. I would recommend you guys to my friends and family. Keep it up
Super quick experience! great customer service! I’d recommend their services to my friends and family when in need of quick financial assistance
Got my money quickly and had no trouble get qualified for a small loan.
I am happy with the customer service
"The fact that it was simply and easy, absolutely awesome, I have never applied for a lone b4, so I kept on telling myself that I wasn’t gonna it and if I did I would not get the amount I ask for, I was shock , I had to tell my friends your company is awesome thank you."
"I am not really sure what to say or where to begin. I get this flyer in the mail with hopes to apply for this loan and get some added help. So me and my roommate elect to apply for a loan we both get approved for up to 5,000. So we choose what we want and it shows the amount we pay and the interest and the payments. So except the terms and sign the loan agreement and think we are getting funds in the next 24 hours like it says. Nope no funds I get an email later that day that we both need to send in information to verfiy my ID, SS card and recent bank statement. We both send the required info I call back they got both of our information and good to go. They said need to sign back in and except the terms and the loan again and sign we do that then told get the funds in another 24 hours. Okay at this point I am like okay wow this as gone on for 2 days now back and forth. I have been told I was approved and get my funds and haven’t. I check my email today and we both got an email saying we were denied. I am like what denied for what we were told we were approved it says this reason for denial “unable to verify application information based on documents provided”. So at that point I’m frustrated and upset feel lied to and betrayed I call back and ask for a better clarification they can’t give me one they said it’s automatic generated response I am like give me a number don’t have one. Wow and no one there a supervisor no one can assist. They tell me all you can do is wait the 10 days and apply again wow I’m thinking and this is a company. They should be taking to court on this and sued. They even hit me with a hard inquiry and it says will run credit for a hard inquiry once signed and approved well I was WTH!!!!! I guess the next time should be cautious with who I try to do business with."
"The process of applying for a loan from rise, was easy to navigate, and the funds came in a good time. I’m happy with my experience."
Easy to apply and the answer was super fast. The money was put in my account just as promised.
"So tired of receiving mail for this company. I don't know them, never done business with them, never asked for anything from them, but I get crap in the mail twice a week! Leave me alone!"
"Very easy to apply and to get accepted ! You should try, 100% legit and worth it. Low monthly payments as well.
Good luck !"
"The process was easy, and it was quick. Money was in my account the next business day. Rise really helped me get out of a stressful financial day situation."
I'm extremely happy with the process and service was given to me and my family . Very easy and fast !!! Thank you and will be more than happy to use this credit again .
your intrest rate is super high having to pay double what i am borrowing feels bad
"My experience was the best, thanks to that I can manage my moments of needs. It was the most fast and quick answer. The next day it was in my bank account."
Perfect for those who are rebuilding and need a short-term loan to pay back ON TIME! They really take a chance on consumers like myself. Love that!!!
This was the easiest loan i have ever done. Quick turn around. The payment is affordable. Great service.
"Although it is a high risk loan, it was needed. The ease of the site and prompt response made decisions easier to make. I will definitely use again if in a bind!"
The whole process was quicker and easier than I had expected.
"Very easy to get a quick loan, payments that were affordable."
"did not get the money yet , it has been. A while since we filed. and our first payment is due the third , when I call about it they said they can defer a payment for me , but then my payments are higher , that is messed up."
The people who helped me were awesome and they knew I don’t use the computer and they guided me.
Rise came through when I really needed the extra money to get my finances in order.thank you RISE!
Came through when I needed a loan so for they are a good bank.
The overall response for such a request was outstanding!
They helped borrow the money I needed to move and money was in my account the very next day!
Predatory terms. Prey on borrowers with no other options. Stay away if you can.
When I needed help they were there to help me know question asked thanks
"EASY PROCESS,MONEY NEXT DAY,
EXPENSIVE BUT EVERITHING HAVE A PRICE,"
Everything in obtaining my loan went well and smoothly
"It was a very easy process with different payback options, very convenient!"
Absolutely easy and fast. Was really a great experience.
"Easy to apply, quick approval, and money in account within 24 hours!"
Not really happy with how you let me know the payments afterwards the payments are pretty high
It was easy and fast! Got my fund next day! Rise is amazing! Thank you!
Ease of getting the loan and upfront terms. Like the experience.
It allowed me to pay off my credit cards and a few other small loans.
Applied online and funds were in my account the next day
I am satisfied with the way you offered help for me.
It was a pleasure to receive your support just waiting for the loan thanks
Great and easy approval but interest rate 194% is too high.
The application was easy and got a response back in no time
Easy to apply and very reasonable interest rates and payments
It was quick easy simple. I would recommend Rise.
Great fast sent deposit bank but interest too high :-)
The most important thing is about my experience with you long is good communication thanks
They have the best service and they take such good care of their customers!!
"Date of experience: January 16, 2024"
It was quite painless and though a bit expensive I have seen worse. It's a good help in a pinch...
Process was easy to guide the the staff very helpful with questions
"not to high to pay back in payments, real easy to apply."
Fast easy great service with online payment making things effortless
"Quick, fast and professional. Thanks!"
"I apply and the next business day my money was in my bank account fast and easy.
Thank you very much."
Easy process and money deposits the day or day after.
I like how easy the process was to obtain the loan. What I dislike strongly is how high the interest rate is on a loan
I received this loan with no hassle no problems it was very quick and easy
The application was easy and quick
I am thrilled you were able to help me out to quickly and efficiently! A life saver! Thank you
I needed just a few more amount and the interest rate is very high for a loan so small
All questions was answered appropriately and clearly
My experience was quick and easy. No hassle at all.
Thank you very happy especially help me with my debt
I was in a bind and Risecredit helped me out.
Quick deposit really helped us. Thank you
"Even though the interest rate is very high, the loan was timely for emergency.
Thank you."
Easy quick decision. Low payments
Process was easy to work through
I appreciate the quickness and the ease of applying.
I am very happy with Rise. It was easy and helped me out big time.
"Date of experience: December 12, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 28, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 02, 2024"
"Date of experience: December 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 11, 2023"
"Fast, easy, great customer service"
"Date of experience: December 28, 2023"
Rise is awesome! Easy to utilize and quick when needed
Fast and accuracy was displayed coupled with great professionalism. I appreciate it
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 11, 2024"
Fast and convenient
It was quick and fast but interest rate is very high.
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
Very helpful and quick thank you for the help
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"I offered to pay back 1,700 for a better payment"
There was no hassle and getting my loan went smoothly
There was no questions asked!
No bearing around the busch. They was quick to give a loan.
I was very happy how fast I received my money!
"Date of experience: January 05, 2024"
Doing great for people that need it
It was simple and fast service
Rise came through in my hour of great news thank you
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 28, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 04, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
It was very easy and quick! Really helped me in a tight spot.
"Date of experience: December 11, 2023"
How fast I got my loan.and how easy to apply
They really helped me out from what I needed
"excellent , very good"
"They took time to go slow and caring ,Thanks."
"Date of experience: December 01, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
How quickly they work.
"Date of experience: January 12, 2024"
"Date of experience: November 24, 2023"
"Great deal , money need at the right time"
"Date of experience: December 04, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 13, 2023"
"Great service and fast .
Thank you."
It was quick and easy.
WAS quick and trouble free!
"Date of experience: February 08, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 10, 2024"
Save money in life money make life easy
"Date of experience: January 29, 2024"
"Easy application, on time delivery,awesome"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Fast service and professional
"Great, Wonderful"
"Date of experience: December 04, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
"Date of experience: December 26, 2023"
"Everything went easy, thank you"
"Date of experience: January 12, 2024"
"Date of experience: December 22, 2023"
"Date of experience: January 15, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 03, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 10, 2024"
Quick and easy.
Excelent!!
"Great, respond immediately"
"Date of experience: December 31, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 07, 2023"
very good thanks
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 08, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 19, 2023"
"you all made it so easy to get the loan I needed, quick and efficient."
Thank you for everything y'all really came threw for me when I needed it most. Excellent timing and excellent service.
Excellent service. Interest rates could be smaller but at lot less then some.
"This company is wonderful, dead ass helped me out. I was in a pinch and they came through ."
Easy and convenient
"A friend told me about Rise. They rise above my expectation, the experience was quick and easy. I received my funds the following day which was less than 24 hrs. Thank you Rise"
Easy and speedy loan process with funds delivered as promised in one busy day.
Easy application & fast response. I was in a pinch and needed funds quickly.
DONT FALL FOR THIS !!! interest rates are way out of range. 99% - 149% DEPENDING ON YOUR STATE.(USERY LAWS). EVERY STATE HAS THESE LAWS TO PROTECT PEOPLE AGAINST PEOPLE LIKE THIS.
My experience was great when I look at my over look at mail thinking bout how can I come out hole when nobody wanted to help me. That’s when I open my mail went online put my codes in and was approved instantly. Thank you.
I would not recommend using this company for a loan. Yes I understand you borrow money and they give you a monthly payment but by the time you make that bi monthly payment they just charge you more interest. I have not been able to pay any of it off and have been paying more than what I took out. I feel like they charge you interest everyday. I have been on time every payment and my amount has not even made it less than what I got. Sometimes I don’t understand I should just pay off what I owe.
I can't get approve. They never send me anything tell me why.
"I received your letter stating that if I choose to reject the loan for any reason I may do so before my payments being. I thank you very much, unfortunately I am not able to keep the loan at this time. I have made a total payment today of $3,500.00. There have been changes in my daily life so that I am not able to peruse this obligation. I hope to perhaps work with you at some other time when things are more abundant. Thank you very much for your understanding. Sincerely, Maureen Brandon"
"Date of experience: November 24, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 20, 2023"
Approved my loan right away
I am so happy with how my loan process went and quickly. I will recommend these services especially to everyone I know. Thank you again.
"Date of experience: August 08, 2023"
"Honestly they seem great! Easy to use website, quick funding time, and loans to people who is in need of help like myself. Of course, rates are super high. The price you have to pay in a hard stuck financial situation. Though I wish you didn’t have to pay 15 days after getting the loan. But rather give us 30 days at least for some breathing room. 4.5/5 stars. Other than that, can’t complain."
"Great place for emergency cash, easy application process and quick availability of your cash need!! I highly recommend if you don’t mind the high interest rate!"
"Easy applying for a loan with Rise. The company has great staff who had assisted me in correcting something on my loan. Once you're approved of your loan, you get your money deposit to your accounts in in less than 12 hours the following day. I would definitely do business with Rise again and would recommend anyone apply for loan to do business with Rise. Thank Rise for making my first loan with you folk, approved and for your excellent service."
"The loan process was very simple and painless,which was great the interest rate is very high. And was suprised that you wanted payment two weeks after the loan was approved usually you have 30 days before first payment. But other than those two things it was great ."
"Date of experience: November 14, 2023"
"Had my vision been better and seen what this actually was, definitely wouldn’t have done it. Now I’m stuck with more debt and a single working mom of a special needs kiddo who’s even more stressed than before. So thank you for making things worse for me! __ I’ll do what I’m supposed to do but this was a ridiculous gimmick and take me off your mail list please"
Very easy application clear instructions.step by step very easy.
I RECEIVED THE FOLLOWING PROMPTLY WITHIN THE TIME FRAME AS STATED. THANK YOU
"Date of experience: November 13, 2023"
Rise was absolutely fantastic. The entire process was super easy. I filed for my loan on Saturday and my funds were in my account by Monday morning.
"It was a very easy process. The lender was very kind, professional, and knowledgeable."
Very efficient and streamlined process. Filled out everything online at 2am and got a deposit that day at midnight. No BS process. Highly recommend Rise for your last resort funding and read the fine print before making your decision so you are prepared.
I am glad I found RISE credit for those times when you need a little help.
Loan application was a breeze. Easy .. to use. Done application on a Wednesday night Had money by Friday Morning.. deposited in my account. I liked that .. you only paid interest on the outstanding principle. Of the loan. Interest rate was outrageous. 140% . So don't borrow .. more than you need or your screwed . I Paid my loan off before .. My 1st loan payment. Overall 4.5 outta 5.
"My personal experience with Wise has been great from start to finish , for an individual with not so perfect because of my life journey they gave me room to breath and that I'm grateful, Thank You for making your site easy to use, Michigan"
Worked out great for me and fast! No problems!
Very easy to get funded. Fast and had loan within 1 day. Would use again if needed.
They told me to fill out the app on my phone and your money will be in the bank the next day so I got my money on November 8 $2000. Thank you so much
I came in handy when I need it
"Date of experience: November 11, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 07, 2023"
"Easy online questions fast approval and funding. No fuss, no muss!"
Simply and easy just the way I like it! Very convenient to apply. Speedy response!
"The only thing positive I can say is they got me a loan quickly with poor credit. Borrowed 5k in september of 2022 and paid loan off early, nov 2023 but still paid back almost 9k in interest, would have been 10k+ if i wouldnt have paid it off 7 months early. How can companies charge like loansharks in the movies. read that again, they made over 9k and was scheduled to make 10k on a 5k loan with payment terms less than 24 months. Again, like i said, atleast they got me the money when i needed it, but this helps explain why the rich get rich and the poor gets poorer. Thats over 100% interest every year on the original loan amount."
"Date of experience: November 04, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 06, 2023"
Very easy to use and apply .. they were fast to respond .. very highly recommend..
"easy and fast, money in bank the next day !!!"
it was quick it was easy it was a good experience good customer service
One of the fastest and easiest loan process I ever had to go through. Payment was in my account the very next day!! I would definitely recommend using Rise
Thanks for your service you do faster everything.
"Date of experience: November 01, 2023"
"Hello. I have now barrowed from rise 2 times which every payment has been on time and in full. But during bot loans, I needed to maybe refinance my current loan so I could barrow a little more. But each time the representative replys back telling me at the this time I'm not a canadate to make any adjustments. She couldn't explain any further details except to say oh when your qualified we will reach out to you to let you know. I told her don't bother. Cause if I can get the help when I need it then I don't need them to decide when it's all good to go. It's like after a perfect payment history it doesn't make a difference. I'm still denied like I'm a bad customer. No thanks"
"Date of experience: November 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 30, 2023"
Great experience! Easy and convenient to apply online. Received the money I requested into my bank account the next business day
Ihjvjjgvhjb.
Quick and easy to get it done.
"Rise loans are very, very, very expensive! The interest rate is beyond high! However, it's the price you pay for less-than-stellar credit. The process and approval are quick and easy. I recommend only using it if you have NO OTHER OPTIONS! The cost in the long run is not worth it. I took out a $4,000 loan in July and still owe $4,100 as of Nov., after making monthly payments of $420."
"Date of experience: November 02, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 27, 2023"
"I applied and was approved, needed the funds and they were there for me"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
I really needed twice what I got and the payments are high
"I've been a loyal customer since 2018, but unfortunately fell into this predatory payday loan trap where you pay it off, but you're still broke so you take out another. But I'm awake now-the interest rate Rise charges is stratospheric; I refi'd an $1100 loan 2/23, faithfully pay $210/month yet Rise says I won't be PIF until 4/25! That means I will have paid $5,460 for an $1100 loan. I have filed a complaint with CFPB & strongly suggest you steer clear of this company."
I could have done better with a loan shark. There should be a law to stop predatory lending like you do. I think I’ll lobby my congressman. I can guarantee one thing. I’ll NEVER EVER think about doing business with crooks like RISE!!!
"Website was easy to use, I already showed a friend"
"Date of experience: October 24, 2023"
Came the we was in neef
Absolutely amazing experience. Thank you
Quick and honest service. Very pleased so far.
"Great company, quick and reliable"
Very easy process for getting a loan. Like the ability to pay it off sooner and save on interest.
"Date of experience: October 19, 2023"
Rise is the only company that doesn’t require much like others. I’m so happy that they kept their promise! I wish Rise all the best and help more people!
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
I know the interest rate is high but they were there when I needed help so thank you
The application process was quick and easy. Did not have to be led through multiple automated prompts or customer service representatives. The response time for review and approval was just a matter of minutes. The funding was applied to my bank account the next business day.
"I didn't think I would qualify for this loan, but WOW it was in my account almost immediately. I realize this is a high interest loan, but no fee to pay off early, easy access , and the terms were something I could handle and still keeps my credit score in the plus area. Thank you again"
I applied for the loan very good place they work with you 100%. They approved it and the money was funded the next day couldn't ask for a better company to work with thank you very much rise credit
"Date of experience: October 16, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 13, 2023"
The only loan that help me in my hardest time even with my bad credit they trust me
"I just received the loan this past Friday 10-13-23 and you want a payment 5days later ,the reason I got the loan was to give myself breathing room,very unhappy.with company"
My experience was awesome. Easy people to talk too and deal with. Very patient.
"Date of experience: October 18, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 11, 2023"
I really needed to pay down my credit card debt. It was painless and very much needed
Quick and easy process. Definitely have me the help I needed
This is very helpful
The people there is wonderful and very kind and helped my kindly.
The service is awesome
"Getting the loan was fast & easy!!
My only negative feedback is they wanted a payment a week later."
The People at RISEcredit.com were very friendly and helpful in answering my questions.
The application process was simple and did not take long for approval.
Very easy process got an answer right away worked with me to find the right amount and terms of the loan and was approved immediately. Money was funded to me the next day
"It was a smooth transaction, but I think it’s so unfair how much interest you charge. I almost feel like I’ve been raped. This is is what I had to do to get what I need. It’s so wrong, but at least I was able to get some of the money I need. The interest rate is way too high for me to get all of what I wanted. But thank you for even giving me a chance."
I am happy with the ease and the honesty of dealing with Rise
"Date of experience: September 29, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 02, 2023"
My experience was great because of the timeliness of me being able to apply and receive the loan from rise. The company is a company that I will recommend to others
"No app to control the payments
Expensive cost"
"Very fast service, amazing experience"
"I've been getting loans from rise credit since 2018 I think was for my first loan. Yes, it's an expensive form of credit, but they tell you that upfront, and they also tell you that you can save a lot of interest by paying extra when you can or paying your loan off early. I am extremely happy with this company and I will continue to obtain loans from there, because I trust them. Everything has been transparent and applying for a loan is always hassle free. I highly recommend them. Thanks Rise Credit."
"Date of experience: October 04, 2023"
"Approval ,funding ,and payment was smooth"
"It's not bad, but the interest rate, and frequency of payments is not great"
Fast easy and awesome
"After experiences with so-called ""tribal"" loans, where interest rates are stratospheric, it's extremely gratifying to work with RISEcredit! Great interest rates, coupled with zero prepayment penalties, makes for a terrific solution to debt challenges! When they combine that with great customer service & website, I'll _definitely_ be back from now on. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!"
"Professional and courteous service. When I had a question, customer service was polite and extraordinary."
"Was very easy to do , interest rate is too high hopefully will pay off soon to save some money"
"No hassle, did need a lot for approval."
I like the fact that they were quick to go ahead and disburse your funds to you
Good customer service. Able to do everything online. Accomodating.
The time it took to get an answer was quick and the agent was very helpful.
While apply for the load I seen no documention stating that my payment would be automatically withdrawn from my account. Nor did I read that my monthly payments would be every other week. Now I am in a bigger bind than before!! I simply can not make payments of $123 dollars bi weekly. I thought this was a monthly payment!!! Now Im screwed
"My experience with Rise was very wonderful and great, was able to help me with my financial needs when I had no hope."
It was such a great and easy experience! I honestly couldn’t believe how fast they approved and deposited the money into my account. Helped out when I really needed it without all the red tape. Would highly recommend to anyone needing a little help. APR is high but you can always send direct payment to principal without penalty. Saves you in interest in the long run. Overall great experience.
"Date of experience: August 29, 2023"
It was fast and when I need the money it was great.
Great Service.Received Money the next day.Thank you.
Great service and very quick! It’s great to know that when you need some extra help that it’s there.
Easy process and the loan came rather fast than expected.
Fast and Easy application approval and deposit!
Getting loan quick and easy was helpful. Company is putting out enough information to help you understand what to do.
"Date of experience: September 17, 2023"
Great excellent
Amazing mobile website. Easy application with very well documented instructions and expectations from the borrower. Very fast deposit.
It was fast at first I thought no one would help me and I’m so glad finally someone will believe in me.
"I’m extremely happy & grateful!! To my surprise, the process was quick & easy!!!"
Okay the aprove is to fast the deposit to fast buttt The interest is very high and the monthly payment is very high.
"Everything was super easy!! Money in my account next business day, will help me build my credit! Will do it again with them after this loan paid off!!"
"You were there when I needed you most, the loan really saved a situation that could have been a desaster, not only for me but one I love! Thank you for all you do for us in all financial care!"
Very good and good solutions
Thank you I hope your help
"You were quick with the paperwork, and the money was deposited into my account the next day. It helped me a lot. We had major car repairs that needed to be made, and you helped us get that done."
"The loan process was fast, confidential, and deposited into my account the next business day!"
"Date of experience: September 11, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 14, 2023"
"Date of experience: September 18, 2023"
Fast and efficient. I appreciate quick response to my immediate need!! Verified my information and processed my loan within 24 hours. Very thankful!
The process was quick and easy I got the money the
"This is the worst place to get a loan from. I had a loan and paid it off before time. Tried to get a second loan, I sent In all my documents and was told they couldn’t verify my account and they asked for additional pages from my bank statement and that still wasn’t good enough. The front page of my statement had everything on it that they need and it wasn’t good enough either. I will never try with them again."
"Date of experience: September 06, 2023"
I filled out the information and got an answer the same day and received the money the next day.
I have been dealing with Rise for almost 2 years and have never had an issue getting some emergency funds when needed and I just paid them this month and had an emergency was approved no questions and trying to build my credit up.
Rise came through for me just when I needed it the most
I had a great experience with Rise. I applied and was approved for the loan and got the funds placed in my bank account two days after I applied. Considering my credit history they offered me a great rate and a great way to pay them back on a schedule that is easy for me. I expect to have the loan paid off in 7 months which is great for me.
"Date of experience: September 12, 2023"
Was very fast & easy to get my money.
Misread print when applying! This is BY FAR! The worst loan company you can choose. They are literally robbing you OVER 100% interest should be illegal. I’m definitely disputing every month!
"Date of experience: September 01, 2023"
Great customer service. Everything was very smooth and quick. Rise delivered as promised. Will recommend highly to friends and family.
Bcuz when I reached out y’all replied and loan me the money right on time THANK YOU
I was very excited on how easy the process was to apply for the loan and how quickly I was given a response. I was very pleased on the money being in my account the very next day and first thing in the morning.
Very fast response and everything was done online
Great service and no hassle loans. I'm a repeat customer and I highly recommend Rise credit.
Don’t do it overall at the end not worth it. May look like a quick fix but you will be paying so much. Cannot wait to not have to deal with you people.
"The loan process was short, the application was easy to fill out, and the deposit of the funds were promptly sent to my bank account."
Monthly payments were great . I will definitely be getting a loan in the near future if I ever need one . Thank you so much .
They were responsive and very professional. I also found that they were kind and understanding of my needs.
This was the easiest loan I have ever applied for .
I would have preferred the larger amount of the loan than what you gave me because it still left me short on what I was trying to accomplish.
Never thought I would have gotta approved for this loan I was very shocked but it helped me out a lot.
I could have used more but I don’t know if I would have been approved
"I have been paying almost $200 a month for over one year and I owe $100 less than I borrowed. My borrow amount was 3500. I’ve paid back 3800 in my balance currently is 3,399.00 and I still have over a year and a half to pay!!!"
"it was easy and fast , i had my money the next day .thanks rise"
fast easy way to get money when you need it
"I NEVER thought getting a loan would be so EASY! I went to a typical financial institution to ask for a loan and there was so much red tape involved, you not only had to fill out a lot of paper work, you had to have collateral, and get insurance placed on yourself and the collateral and that added cost is also ADDED to your loan amount, which adds 1000's of dollars to your loan, on top of that you STILL have to pay interest on the entire amount! For example, you may get a check for $6999, the insurance on you and your collateral may cost another $10,000 bringing your loan to around 17k, add interest and you are paying back 35k, when you only received a check for $6999. Do the math you pay back 5 times what you actually took home! With Rise the loan was fast and easy! The money was in the bank the next day and the payment plan is simple to follow. The loan can even be paid off early, saving you money! Thanks Rise, the next time I need money fast, I will come here first!!"
"Stay away!!!! Interest rates are way too high. I have used Rise for years and this year was the straw that broke the camel's back. When applying for a loan, I always select the $2,250 loan with a payment schedule of 20 payments. This current loan I selected to do the same payment schedule. Fast forward a couple of months, I noticed my balance never went down only kept rising. Generally after a few payments, I would see a dollar or two come off of the balance, but this time I've only seen significant increases. I went to look at my contract and somehow my payback schedule was changed from 20 payments to 44 payments. I immediately called Rise Credit customer service to see if there was a glitch in the system because I would never select to make roughly the same payments I've made in a previous loan agreement for a longer term. So, now this new loan agreement is saying if I make all 44 payments will have paid back $8,430.79 for a $2250.00 loan. A total of $10680.78

Here is the breakdown from the last three loans I have gotten through rise:

1. (2023 44 weeks) $2250 270.85% $242.72 biweekly

(8/30/2023 Edit: I received an email from Rise Credit corporate office stating that the rates and terms for a $2250 loan have changed from a maximum of 26 biweekly payments to a maximum of 44 biweekly payments. You no longer have the option to choose 20 or 26 payments. So, if you decide to go through with the loan for those 44 biweekly payments, you will have paid back $10,680.79 for a $2250 loan. The rates and terms on the ""What it costs"" tab are inaccurate.

2. (2022 20 weeks) $2250 272.95% $262.20 biweekly

3. (2021 20 weeks) $2250 277.97% $277.97 biweekly

I am trying to figure out why in the world would I select to make more payments for roughly the same amount of money I was repaying in previous loans. I kept telling the representatives I spoke with that I would not select that. Also, if I selected to make 44 payments instead of 20 payments like I always do, wouldn't my payments be less?

Something is not right and I know it. I have been trying to get the corporate office on the phone, but no one will return my calls. I need answers.

Whatever you do, find another way because this company is scamming people.

Please, please, please pay close attention to every click you make. Screenshot every step, especially the rates and payback schedule you select. Go back and check to make sure your clicks were correctly recorded. Also, making extra payments towards your loan does not go towards your principal balance. You will be making extra payments for nothing. Either pay off as fast as you can or make regularly scheduled payments.

Most importantly FIND ANOTHER SOURCE TO GET MONEY FROM."
This loan was much needed especially being turned down by other lenders.
It was easy to fill the application and it didn't take long for a answer of approval.
"Date of experience: August 17, 2023"
THANK YOU FOR HELP IAM VERY HAPPY______
"Date of experience: August 18, 2023"
Your help me out when I needed it so thank you so much
Very easy approval process fast funding excellent customer service
I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of time and ease it was to complete the process. And how it was expedited properly.
They have great loan terms and rates compared to most loan companies !
Very happy was in a bind and applied for a loan and received it the very next day
"Date of experience: July 24, 2023"
"The application process so easy and you were right there was an instant answer!
Very user friendly"
"Criminal!!! Mobster style criminals.
I borrowed 4,500.
I over paid every 2 weeks knowing I have the funds to pay, just at the moment not right now. April '23-Aug '23, my balance went from 4500 to 3666, BACK UP. YES, UP to 3850. Payment due: 175.
Me: 200, 200, 200, 500 etc, only to have this criminal p.o.s. nonsense. STAY AWAY!!!"
It was easy to apply and fast deposit of funds
"Date of experience: August 04, 2023"
"The best way to get your money
I love it"
Quick approval and easy application process. Thank you!
Company inaccurately reports payments to credit bureaus. Customer service is inept at best.
Fast getting results had money in 48 hours thank you very much
Quick fast and easy approval…. Little costly for us folk with not much money Other than that all good
"Date of experience: July 30, 2023"
"The service was agile, fast and according to my need, thank you"
"Date of experience: July 25, 2023"
Fast approval and deposit of funds ! Rise came through when an unexpected expense happened quickly. Thank you for your support and service!
Ty rise for the loan. Your have helped me before and I am grateful for that high five rise. Tony
"The loan was approved ASAP and funds were available the next business day, but the interest rates were extremely high. Good for an emergency though."
Timely service and rates .
"The application was very smooth and easy. I applied online after I received an offer in mail. Funds were in my bank the very next day.
My concern is the extremely high interest rate that is being charged. The company should be more understanding and willing to reconsider the high interest rate on these loans.
It’s great to have this service when someone is in need, however, interest charges need to be revisited."
"Helpful, fast, useful FAQs (Frequently Asked Questions) as reference point, Easy to navigate the site.
Thank you for what you are doing to help people."
"Thank you for lending me funds in the time of need. Even with challenged credit, Rise gave me an opportunity that others wouldn’t. Individuals shouldn’t always be judged by their credit score."
"Date of experience: July 22, 2023"
"Very professional, quick and positive experience I would recommend wise to my friends . Thank you, Kevin"
reliable and fast
Rise is absolutely the best when it comes to loans. They are quick and customer is top-notch. I would recommend Rise to friends and family!
very quick and easy to complete and all information readily available.
The ease of the whole process made it easy. Money showed up into my account the next business day and I got my credit consolidated into one payment with this loan. I also liked that I am not getting bombarded with phone calls. This whole experience would have me come back to you if I need it.
Very easy to apply and get approved. Didn't take long to get the loan.
"Date of experience: July 23, 2023"
Very easy to apply for loan and almost instant answer for approval.
Super easy. Great for an already stressful moment in my life. Thank you.
My experience was great. I was approved for an amount that was sufficient. The application was easy to fill out and I got an answer in minutes.
"I applied for a loan and was approved the same day and money was in my account the next day, helped me with business that need my immediate attention. would recommend to friends."
I’ve taken out two loans and I was looking forward to taking out another but it seems like you all no longer lend to Illinois residents I’m kind of sad about this if there is anything you all can do can you please reach out to me
You all were there to lending me a helping hand. Thank you.
"Date of experience: July 10, 2023"
Very grateful for loan approval and ease with process. Thank you for your help with my loan.
It was quick and easy to get approval for loan but my God the interest rates was higher then going to a loan shark. And I paid my loan off in 6 months with a balance credit of 380.00 dollars 6/27/2023 as if today 7/10/2023 I’ve not received my cash credit am I able to get it with your interest rates. Mm
"I was declined for a loan from your company today because, of my bank statement from the month of June. Not to mention, that I made my final faithful monthly payment on a 13 month loan from your company in June. Please advise on how my bank statement, and not my payment history with your company affects my loan eligibility, so I don't make this mistake again in the future. Thanks in advance."
"RISEcredit company stands out among the rest, as they not only issued a genuine pre-approval letter but also delivered on their promise by providing the necessary loan precisely when our business required it for expansion. 5 stars"
Rise is awesome they were able to help me when everyone else said no. I got the money in a day and the process wasn't to bad. Thanks for making it easy and for giving me a chance.
"Friendly, quick, excellent communication."
The loan was very quick and easy!! The whole experience was quite enjoyable - I would recommend Rise credit to all my friends and relatives!! Thanks for making this happen so easily!
"Date of experience: June 30, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 29, 2023"
"So easy. Faster. Great job.
Thank you so much."
Always willing to work with me if I have a month where I'm not able to pay. Great customer service
"good service, great help"
"Date of experience: June 22, 2023"
"Date of experience: June 26, 2023"
Quick and easy application; helping me build my credit!
Easy application process and professional customer service.
"Date of experience: June 23, 2023"
If you can’t back this loan back early I do not recommend. Making only the biweekly payments will take forever to pay back. Yes it’s fast and easy to get but that because they are locking you in with tons of interest that’s much more than many other companies. Again if u can’t repay the full amount fast I would not do it.
"A loan was fraudulently taken out in my name. I found out about it when it hit my credit report as payment overdue. Your company was notified numerous times since, and 45 days later, it was finally marked as fraudulent.

I was told it would take 30-60 days to get it off my credit. Unfortunately for me, it's too little to late, as I was in the process of buying a house, and my credit score has dropped 200 points
When asked if there was a way to remove it sooner since you can place negative items on my credit report one day after the payment was overdue, I was told ""No, it can't be done"". And there is no one I can talk to to rush this along."
I wouldn’t recommend this loan place to nobody. When they say read between the fine lines it means read. I got a loan and I’m still paying on it but paying back 3 times then what you borrowed is ridiculous. I will finish paying this off and never in my life borrowed from this place again. I do appreciate the help but the interest is ridiculous. It’s like they help to get out of a bind but just to get into one 5 times more then the one you was in smh.
My experience was great because it came at the right time. It was easy and fast
Great experience
"Date of experience: June 14, 2023"
It helped me but i cant no longer to get another loan because they don't do it in California anymore it's only Texas so thank you
All good at request for loan. Fast!
RISE helped me out of a little __jam.The application process was simple and straightforward; not long and daunting like some other credit apps; Their decision response time was super quick. Deposit was in my account one day earlier than was expected. They offer a very affordable payment plan with the option of paying it off sooner and save on the interest.
"I cannot recommend this company at all. You make arrangements to pay off your loan days in advance via the debit the way they prefer and yet they still take out your regular monthly payment and then takes days and days to get reimbursed. In the meantime you can’t have another loan, even though you’ve paid off the loan and extra, there’s a lot of other companies out there that have so much better customer service"
Fast easy to understand and fast deposit of funds :)
Great experience. Helpful and quick.
"I have never had a problem with rise. They have always been my go to, that is until I found out with no warning that they no longer service my state (ND). It is sad for me, because there is no one else out there I trust as much as rise. Not giving any warning of no longer serving my state is the only reason for the 3, I think it would have been nice to get a for warning."
My experience with you all was very good no problems I would recommend your company any time you better than any of the other companies have to give your life away and you’ve been very good so I thank you very much.
"We lost my husband in 2017. My daughter graduated from high school just a few weeks ago. Rise helped us to be able to celebrate her graduation, by her graduation pictures and celebrate her life. I really appreciate that so much."
Very helpful and simple process
I had no trouble filling out the loan agreement on line! And I truly needed cash fast and Rise helped me very quickly to recieve the amount that I needed! Thank you Rise you really Rock
"Date of experience: May 30, 2023"
"While the APR is high, it's worth it in case you'll payoff early. Good for emergencies. I recommend"
"Quick response, punctuality, good service."
"Date of experience: May 26, 2023"
The process was very easy and for a very longtime I didn't accept but now I absolutely regret that decision. Excited to continue doing business with this company for sure.
It was very quick n easy I love it the money help me out thank you
I was approved for what I asked for. I didn't have to be hassled by people. The money was deposited as agreed. The terms are reasonable.
Interest rate was.way high. Look close at it. 159.5% is gouging on the people who are desperate to keep their heads above water.
"Date of experience: May 24, 2023"
"fast approval, interest not over the top. just a wonderful experience. I will be back"
"Date of experience: May 19, 2023"
Well I’ve been locked out of my account for 4 days now…I’ve called and emailed and the only response I get is when IT decided to fix it they will contact me…seriously??? You can’t unlock an account or change a password for a 3 year customer??? This is an absolute joke….
"Date of experience: May 15, 2023"
The loan was easy to apply and the results were fast. I am very happy with my loan.
"Quick and easy loan to obtain!
This experience wowed me, and made me feel like the company really believe everyone deserves a better financial future, and was here for me to help me reach mine. Thank God there are still people in this world with a heart for the less fortunate. May God bless you all and the future of this company. Thanks again for giving me this opportunity and I look forward to doing many more business with you."
"Great with applications, great with fast response and a great loan rate."
Application was quick and easy and the funds driect deposited into my bank. Only thing I did not like was sending personal documents via email for verification
Please please please stay far away from this company!! Yes the loans are easy to get but the interest rate is outrageous. It takes forever to get the loan paid off
"Took advantage of the opportunity and now, I am paying triple the amount back. It is the worst loan I am experiencing- still in repayment and its been 2 years and the whole total payments I have made was at least 10 percent to the principal. I strongly do not recommend it to anyone."
Rise credit is a friendly and fast company with quick a response. I’ll recommend them to my friends and family
I got it approved and it came the next day
"Date of experience: May 15, 2023"
Extremely easy application and funds were deposited by next business day allowing access to funds for consolidation very accommodating for my needs.
"Date of experience: May 02, 2023"
Easy process
The interest rate could be alot lower. Cause I through in this day and time economic crisis is far from over. In this instance being more successful have lower interest rates some where around 69 percent with a lock on the term will allow the to thrive in the market as a whole.
The only thing I regret is asking for 1000 and I needed 2000.
"Easy peasy application and $ was in my account in no time.
Many thanks Rise!"
!!!! WARNING!!!!! MY Payments are on automatic payment..they take the money out but I see the principal is not being paid off. They trying to claim it all for the interest only. They will try to cheat you. Never use this loan shark !!!!!!
It was nice being able to pay down one of my cards and get the things I needed to make it through to pay day thank you know it's appreciated.
"RISE Credit is an efficient and effective company to work with a company who provides customers in need.
Thank you very much."
"Date of experience: May 01, 2023"
Love the company. Took a chance on me and now it's my second loan. I'll be forever grateful and a loyal customer forever
"I received the loan on the 24th, & the first payment is due by the 28th. That's not even a week. When I asked a customer service rep for help she said there was nothing she could do, that the computer chose that date."
It was quick and easy! That’s just what I needed no hassle.
"Date of experience: April 27, 2023"
"Risecredit was very helpful at the time in need, very prompt."
Answered all my questions
"Date of experience: April 18, 2023"
Very thorough and pleasant to work with and met all my needs
Very simple process and customer service is top notch! This is my fifth loan with them and each time always had a great experience.
"This was very easy to fill out the information needed. Simple English .
It was a very rewarding experience!!!
Thank you so much !!!"
Rise made it so easy and received the money the next day. Thank you!!!
"Date of experience: April 17, 2023"
It was a fast and seemless process. Funds were posted in my account within the exact timeline stated. I'm impressed.
I was able to pay off some of my debt. Thank you for assisting me.
"Fast easy, no problems."
They were very good and quick with my loan. Very easy and very helpful.thank you so very much.
Easy and responsive. Had the loan in 3 days
The loan really helped me out. I was able to pay off a loan that had a really high interest rate and it was stressing me out. Thank you
"Fast, east….little to no red tape"
To build better credit.
GREAT EXPERIENCE WITH THIS COMPANY EVERYTHING WAS DONE IN 24 HRS AND I AM VERY HAPPY
"Date of experience: April 19, 2023"
Everything was fast and easy to apply and getting approved the money was in your bank the same week it did not matter if your credit was bad or good
I was approved within seconds. My money was in my account the very next day. The interest paying back is high but it’s worth it if you’re in a bind
"I'M RETIRED AND OVER EXTENDED MYSELF LAST MONTH. I WAS IN A PINCH AND WAS APPROVED FOR A $3000.00 LOAN BUT JUST NEEDED $1000.00. GOT IT IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS. WAS VERY EASY AND EXCEPT FOR THE ""WOW"" INTEREST I AM NOW OUT OF THE SINKHOLE. THANKS TO RISE I WAS ABLE TO RISE ABOVE. :)"
I came to you at a time to get some bills caught up and also I wanted to help my daughter at a time she needs us. Thank you
"Risecredit was very helpful in obtaining the loan for some business activities that needed to be funded. The application process was user friendly and customer friendly. Thank you for company.

MH a satisfied customer!!!"
Always for years I been with them. They always come through god knows I needed this thank u.
Thank You for the support.
I recommend you guys excellent customer service
"Date of experience: March 31, 2023"
Easy to pay back early with no penalty.
Rise Credit gave me the opportunity to obtain a personal loan with my current credit score that many lenders won't touch with a 10 foot pole.
The loan processing was fast and easy.
"It was easy to apply and a fast approval. I was hesitant due to the high interest rate but needed the funds. Overall, it was a great experience."
Fast and easy application and fast approval.
RIP OFF. My loan was $1500. I’ve made 8 payments of $180. I still owe more than my original loan amount. This company is a Rip Off
It was quick and easy
The ease and speed of my loan was fantastic! The website is extremely simple and customer freindly.
You helped me out without delay when I was desperately in need of money. My dog suddenly became very I’ll and I didn’t have the money to get him X-rays etc. thank you for reacting so quickly. Unfortunately he was diagnosed with cancer and I had to put him down. But you were there when I needed you
"Predatory lender stay away! High interest rates this is not worth it, even in an emergency go somewhere else."
"Date of experience: April 03, 2023"
"Ease of use was wonderful.

Carole McMeel"
I applied for your loan Monday morning and the funds were in my Bank before I woke up on Tuesday morning!!!
Great experience and I was able to pay off a credit card
It's seems to be taken me long to paid off this loans because of high interest rate and my Job is cutting back on hours I'm paying 179.67 bi weekly and I'm struggling with other bills to pay the payments could be lower when people having problems I will have to send you up to a 100 Dollars bi weekly for the month of May till I get caught up on things and more months to come after May
The whole entire process was not stressful or embarrassing. Went very smooth for a woman of my age online! Thank you for the help in my time of need.
It was fast and I got more than I thought I would
If you need money and your credit is less than perfect this is the company for you. Very easy to fill out the application and this company works with you and give you your money quickly. I would recommend this company to all my friends and neighbors that need a little help once in awhile. They are very courteous helpful and a pleasure to deal with. Their interest is a little high but that's the price we pay for less than perfect credit. Thanks again rise it is a pleasure doing business with you.
The ease of use from the application to funding
"Quick and easy, but did not offer my paydays which are 10th and 25th."
"Super helpful, fast and secure!"
Helped me with my bills. Thank you
"Easy, fast, convenient, and the rates aren’t ridiculous. I cannot complain!"
Easy to apply. Received money the next day. Not as much as I actually needed but will help find a new rent.
"My experience was so easy and funds available in minutes. I will recommend Rise Credit, to other colleagues."
"I needed money quickly to get my car repaired and I got the money in two days, over the weekend! I really needed my car for work and everything. Best experience!"
It was simply fast and and great.
They are friendly and helpful; efficient and fast!
There was no problem getting the loan and the process was easy did
"Date of experience: March 20, 2023"
Everything they said was honest and informative
"Date of experience: March 15, 2023"
Fast and simple . Assistance when needed most. Thank you.
I like how fast you get the loan but the interest are super high. I think you will get more customers if your interest are lower. You can't just make them pay high interest because you know people are going to borrow money.
You were fast in your decision and my money was in the bank on Monday as promised. Great service thank you. Kathy Jenkins
Quick and easy!... Love the MONTHLY payments.
Your services have always been professional and straightforward with your loan information. Pleased with the services I receive.
"Date of experience: March 13, 2023"
"Date of experience: March 10, 2023"
Excellent navigation thru the whole process & quick responses! A fantastic experience!
When I needed that little extra help you guys were there thank you
"It was quick and easy it helped me get caught up with bills ,so far so good!!!"
"3 minutes on my computer and my loan is scheduled for the next day!!! What more is there to say? You guys did it for me and you did it fast!
Thank you"
The process is easy but the interest rates are very high. I wish there was some way to reduce the rate.
"Date of experience: March 01, 2023"
Quick response time. Love being able to customize loan for my needs
"So far so good! They seriously have been a life saver and couldn't be happier, yes rate is high, but is expected given the circumstances! They have been beyond exceptional!"
My dislike is that more affordable amount to pay instead give me a rate
Making the payments lower would be helpful
"Date of experience: February 21, 2023"
Fast and efficient
"Date of experience: February 18, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 13, 2023"
"The application process was simple and fast. I was needing money fast to help pay for some bills. I was approved for $2,000 but I only needed $1,000 to get me by. The only thing I wish was better was the interest rate but beggers can't be choosers. Overall a good experience."
Process was quick. Easy to use website.
The experience with your company was great and the person who helped me with this was very experienced and helpful.. Thank you
Happy with loan. Was done in a timely manner
"I was able to receive my loan within 2 days after applying, with payments that are set up to be easily paid back. It was very helpful and definitely came at a time of need. I would suggest to anyone that was in need of an efficient, expedient experience to definitely try Rise!!"
Really needed this Loan
"Received a pre approved letter from them and I thought what the hey. After the holidays I was a bit behind on some expenses. So I scanned the qr code and began the process. I tell ya it was simple and smooth. Got my loan within 2-3 days in my bank. I was able to pay off my credit card balances from the holidays, pay some bill and have a bit left over for myself. I am pleased with the service. Plus it gives me a chance to build up my credit. Thanks l, Rise credit."
The application and approval process was quick and easy.
Quick & Easy application! Fast results! Money was in my bank account within 3 - 5 days! Would highly recommend! Thank you!
fast and very informative secure and I was able to pick my loan and payment Thank You
The process was quick and easy. The loan was funded in 24 hours for the ask amount. Thank you!
"Date of experience: February 03, 2023"
"Date of experience: February 04, 2023"
It was a great experience especially when you needed it for emergency. Fast approval.
The application was easy to use and the response time to get a answer was fast. You all came through when I really needed help.
The fact that the loan went smoothly no problems. The interest rate is very high but the fact that I need the money.
"Let me start by saying this..if you have poor credit, interest on any loan you get will be high. Know this before applying. Also, by starting low and working your way upward, will help to rebuild or even build credit. I have had two loans with Rise, and not once have I had any issues regarding anything. Yes, interest is high, but I knew that in the beginning. I recently paid off second loan. With help from Rise, my credit has improved greatly, all by simply paying on time. Please, before leaving a bad review about high interest, with bad credit it is unavoidable. If the need ever arises, I will use Rise again."
"Efficient, smooth, rapid"
It was fast and easy .
Very easy process. Everything was done on line. Very quick as well.
"I needed more than what I was approved for, and the amount decreased from the amount offered, process also took a lot of time and a few days, Apr also very high, but I was approved so."
Easy to apply and response was immediately but funds were deposited next day like ads say.
Gettting loan but not getting the amount that I was pre approved for __
"I received a letter, that I was pre approved for line of credit. It only took me couple of minutes and then approved!! I was amazed of how fast it was and the best part was I received it in my account the next day!!!! I was very amazed thanks"
"I would like to express our experiences overall with RISE credit, it was a quick process, especially when we needed the funds to take care of our emergency bills. I would recommend it to anyone. Thank you for approving our loan, it was sure helpful during the time of our needs.

Bernard's"
Thank you so much
Very quick and simple. Helped when I needed it the most. Thank you!
"Date of experience: January 13, 2023"
"Easy process, was in my acct the next day"
"Everything is as presented; (+) my credit score in 2014, when I took my first loan was 499; Today after paying off last year's loan it has risen to 726!!! Took me 9 years, but then my credit wasn't ruined overnight, it was a gradual decaying process. Also, I only use 1 of 2 debit cards, no credit cards, so essentially, I now purchase everything on a Cash Only Basis!"
"Rise Credit gave me a second chance. My experience with Rise has been nothing less than excellent. A Rise Credit loan allowed me to payoff my high interest debt and made my life a bit more stress free. Thank you Rise Credit! I have and will continue to recommend Rise Credit to friends and family that might be in a similar situation as mine. I highly recommend this company.

Aileen T.
Maricopa, Arizona"
I found the process easy and happy it worked out for me.
"I did one star because I couldn't select zero. This company should be ILLEGAL. On a $4500 loan, there is a $6500 penalty of interest buried in the fine print.

I NEVER WOULD'VE AGREED TO THIS and I'm sure all their 5 star ratings are their marketing department BS'ing to make them look trustworthy.

RUN AWAY and DO NOT GET A LOAN HERE."
If you're in a hard pinch and need it. Way better options elsewhere. They will kill you in interest. This company makes a living stealing from poor people. Interest is outrageous and should be illegal.
"Date of experience: December 05, 2022"
"I paid off a couple loans a credit card and for the first time ever I am excited about Christmas. I've even started buying gifts ahead of time. This is a first for me in over 20 years ,when I divorced. I Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to be able to do this."
"I have been making payments on time and more than the minimum. With the high interest rate my loan every month stays at the principal loan of 3,000. This loan will never get lower unless I pay in full what the heck can i refinanceand get a lower rate? Do not take a loan from this company."
"Rise was there for me when I needed a loan fast, the % rate is lower than other companies. I highly recommend them."
"Rise Loam, has always been available for me during emergency situations. Water Heater, just went out, didn't have the funds without Rise Loan. Water Heater fixed, installed and the old carried away!
Excellent, knowing there's a place to go in case of emergency!!!
Easy application, quick response to application, deposited directly into your account. Fast, easy, quick!!!
Thank-you Rise Loan __"
"When I borrow the money from the company I did not know the interest rate was very very high at 81% on a $4,000 loan I am paying back almost 9,000 that is crazy I would never borrow money from this company again because the interest rate at 81%, that's why they don't get it one star"
The web site made it easy to apply. Fast response. Friendly customer service.
They just take 2 payments out a month and I never new this. Its hard for me to know when they are going to do this. They are not constant with payment dates. Not a good company to borrow from. Will not be using them anymore.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2022"
The application process was simple. Easy. And quick.
It is a good loan if you can pay off in less than a month. I went to pay this off and in one day the payoff amount increased by almost $300. I called and asked about it and was told it was daily interest and if I don’t payoff today would increase again tomorrow. Customer service is not helpful at all.
"Easy to use app and quick response, we needed this when we found out that our insurance did not cover recommended hearing aids by my husband's hearing physician."
"Overall 100%satisfied with the paperwork,time to approve the loan and receive the funds prompt as promised.I know is expensive way to use a credit but I need it and I’m pleased that I was helped with my needs.-
Thanks.-"
I have gotten several loans through Risecredit. They have given me the opportunity to rebuild my credit. The payments are low and come directly out of my account. Thank you Risecredit.
"They have the worst customer service and help desk. Been trying for over 6 months just to fill out loan information. I have had a previous loan in 2015, which is paid off. Once I sign into my account, click on apply and it sends me back to new application. I have spoke to maybe 10+ representative and they said they will look into the issue. And still 6 months later absolutely NOTHING! Plus Half of the representative I spoke to I can't understand. Very, very unsatisfied experience"
Very helpful and friendly staff!! I would encourage anyone that needs a loan contract Rise.
"After paying off one loan and opening another, they refuse to let me refinance. I've made payments on time every time. Not one issue. After discussing refinancing with customer service, the option for refinance is no longer available. I will pay this loan off early and be done with them forever. Don't trust them."
I needed the money fast and you delivered it. Thanks.
The ease of the loan application was great
Very satisfied with this company. They have helped me two times so far. Will continue to use this company.
Fast response time. Interest rates are kind of high. I will pay this loan off faster than the projected time frame.
I had a loan with Rise years ago I’ve been trying to get another one and for the past six months they have the same issue where it just loops me around after I sign in and it tells me to sign in again I was told this would be taken care of six months later it’s still the same thing no one can give me any timeframe as to when it should be taken care of don’t waste your time
"I have never had an issue, been able to pay off early and save tons on APR. Found the services to be top tier, industry leading reliability, swift funding, and logical repayment plans VS competitors illogical ones.

One competitor, offers, lines of credit, but they are way more expensive even for the same amount of funding, and the repayment structure is confusing, never the same amount.

Rise Credit is a company I trust, based on personal experiences.

They are very trustworthy lenders, in a sea of sharks."
Quick and Easy also no penalty for paying off early. Thanks !
The entire process from beginning to end only took a few minutes was very easy and I was very happy with the outcome! This came at a time with my family needed it very much.
This is the 2nd time I’ve used Rise. Since Paying off my last loan early I was given a lower interest rate reducing my bimonthly payments.
"RISE advertises as a ""better way to borrow"" and ""We believe a brighter financial future starts with access to affordable credit. "" While they do fund loans to just about anyone, they are NOT ""Affordable Credit' I borrowed $1000 and have made 8 payments for a total of about $567 yet owe... $920 still. That's right, the payments have only paid down $80 of principle after 2 months. Do not fall for this ""better way to borrow"" LIE."
Rise helped me in a last chance situation. I had been off work for family reasons and had a trip come up I couldn't afford. rise helped make it happen and now being back at work the payoff is easy. I can keep my payments as agreed or ill pay if off. Approval was easy and I had my funds the next morning. I highly recommend rise for a loan. Just be sure it can be payed back.
Great service! Explains everything thoroughly
"I was looking for a loan that considers my poor credit and RISE credit did not dissappoint. The loan proceeds was for a major purchase. After filling in my information and linking my bank account I was approved instantly within 10 minutes, and my money was in my account the following day. I would recommend RISE credit to my friends and family! Five Stars all throughout!!!"
Great team to work with
Hi was nice evrytime was going the way I want hi was an nice fantastic experience thank you
"Rise truly is a lifesaver, the process was seamless and very helpful"
"Date of experience: October 06, 2022"
"Needed a quick loan for debt consolidation, so I tried RISE. A very fast and easy application process. Received the funds on Monday - applied on the previous Friday. Would prefer lower monthly payments, but I'm currently in a situation where I can't be too choosy. If you are able to pay the loan off relatively quickly, it is worth it."
Very fast and efficient. Very much appreciated !
Very fast and quick approval and got my money the next day.
Need quick money for an unexpected auto fix..RISE was there to help. Application was very quick and had the money in 2 days.
Easy to use application and the online process was hassle free.
"The entire process was quick, efficient and beneficial to my circumstances."
"Unfortunately I had a bad experience with Rise. In 2019 I was working with a debt consolidation company and the settlement reached for Rise was $2546.34 and I paid $1940.00 leaving $606.34 left to pay.

I was physically injured in 2018 and 2019 and couldn’t work but didn’t want to lose the settlement.

The debt consolidation company refused to work with me on the last couple payments that I owed on my Rise settlement and instead canceled the settlement while charging me fees plus the $1940 I paid to Rise came to $3400 total and then the debt company and Rise wanted another $2500.

Now it’s 2022 and I just got off the phone with Rise and offered to pay the $606.34 in full that was left on the settlement but they now want $1500.

I can’t pay it.

So I paid all of that money for nothing and it’s ruined my credit.

If you have another option other than Rise I would take it.

I plan on filing complaints with the FTC and the Consumer Financial Protection Agency."
Appreciate the loan but the amount i'm paying back is hard to swallow
I’m thankful for you guys helping me. I really needed this loan
I had a great experience. Was fast and easy to apply. The loan came through when I needed it most. I work as an educator and am off of work with no pay during the Summer months. Funds to pay bills and live get very tight in the month of September.
Thank you so much to
"This loan is horrible they get you on interest I paid $2000 into a $4500 loan it’s only gone down $162 what a joke run it’s not worth the loan

Just paid it off in full how can you pay 480 a month and only 60 bucks gps to the principal Stay away this is the worst way to get money"
"INTEREST IS THE WORST, IT'S WAY WAY WAY TO EXPENSIVE THAT IS WHY I GAVE IT A 2 STAR. OTHER WISE I MEAN I NEEDED SOME MONEY. I MEAN I BELIEVE THAT IF THEY TAKE THE MONEY OUT Automatically WHY CHARGE INTEREST? BUT IT IS WHAT IT IS"
Was very easy to apply. Loved that.
"Date of experience: September 18, 2022"
Fast & easy to apply …. Never had an issue & deposit is on time ..
I applied for a loan and the money was deposited into my account the next day!
I received the best customer service in the utmost way. There was no judgement or questions why I needed the help I received. I will definitely refer RISE credit to friends and family if they ever experience any type of financial hardships.
"Date of experience: September 15, 2022"
"Date of experience: September 17, 2022"
Real deal everything they said was real. No b s just professional service. I would make a loan with you for 20 years.
"Date of experience: September 14, 2022"
Worse loan experience ever. Overnighted my final payment to pay off my account. Fedex sent signature of receipt. Now being told 7 to 10 days to post to account. This will only create more interest for this rip-off pockets.
"This company is outstanding!! Very easy process!!
I would definately recommend"
"I was blessed to have found this company, If I would have known about you all, I would have been glad to do business with you all,Thanks a lot."
Awesome company had me approved and funded in less than 12 hours .
I'm behind on my mortgage and needed a way to get some money asap and with how my credit has been I was a little hesitant but Rise approved me right away and I was able to get the money within a day.
"I'm so glad I made the decision to join the RISE team. I've been working to improve my credit score & advised to get a small loan. The process was fast & easy w/no embarrassment. Same day approval deposited in my bank account the next day! Here's to my credit future.__ Thanks, RISE Family.____"
I have had a very nice experience so far with Rise. Thank you Linda
"Good service, good communications, friendly"
Loan was very easy to get helped when I needed it interest rate to high extra movation to pay off quickly
This was a quick and painless process.
Could not ask for a more fast and easy method of borrowing the money I needed for an unexpected bill
"Date of experience: September 09, 2022"
"Date of experience: September 14, 2022"
It was a smooth process. I received answer on an approved loan offer within minutes and the money was in my account the very next day.
"I check on my Experian report, and they recommended rise to improve my credit score, I was afraid because I didn’t know how it works, but Rise Credit is awesome the process was so easy and when I realized the money was on my bank account.
Thanks for the great experience
100% RECOMMENDED __"
The process was very easy and quick. I was very surprised!!!
Very easy process ! Thank you :)
"I’d of givin them 5 stars up until
Now, they say they take care of return customers, I’ve paid off my loans early everytime, and now I’m in a bind and need a loan and they won’t give me one, had I of not paid my last loan off but wanted to because of interest I wouldn’t be in the situation I’m in, but wanted to start over and figured how can it hurt to ever pay a loan off, 3 times in a row within the first 6 months of the loan around there, so don’t expect being a good customer to help you any because obviously it does not."
Thank you for helping me out when needed. It was easy and I knew in just minutes that rise could help me.
My experience has been great...The speed in which my loan was approved and the funds available was the best I've ever had..
Loan very fast and easy
Was just so easy. Was great to due bussiness
The approval process was extremely fast and the experience was definitely stress free.
"Date of experience: September 04, 2022"
"Efficient, easy application. Approval in minutes. Professional."
"Loan process was quick and easy . Was surprised how quick the money was in my bank account ,especially over a holiday weekend."
"Rise was extremely professional, website easy to navigate, and the loan funded quickly. Money deposited in my account the day it was promised. I highly recommend Rise to anyone. Thanks so much:)"
Extremely pleasant experience no hassle Had my loan within A-day! Highly recommend
Everything went smoothly and very helpful. Thanks for your help and support!
"Thank you __ so much, you guys there when we need it"
Thank you for making the loan process was easy and fast.
Quick and fast thank you very much ________
"Date of experience: September 06, 2022"
so easy I could not believe it
It was an easy process and the money was there quickly. I was alerted of the whole process as it happened. I was very impressed.
"I had an extremely hard time applying for the loan online. When I finally was approved I wasn't aware of the usurary high interest rate and what the monthly payment until I was approved. Had I know that the monthly payment was $451.08 for borrowing $3,500 for 42 months!"
I needed extra cash for an emergency. The application process was simple and easy. Response time was quick and money was deposited next day. I will definitely use RISE again in the future.thank you for being there in my time of need____
Everything was a lot more quick and easy to understand. Very happy with the process. Thank you Jacqueline Almaraz
"Date of experience: September 03, 2022"
"Process was fast proactive and simple can’t ask for more, thank You very much"
"Date of experience: September 02, 2022"
"The process was fast and easy me . I couldn't ask for a better opportunity in in my current situation.

Thanks"
It was easy to get my loan. After a day of thinking of the amount and payment I decided to make changes regarding my loan with Rise. The lady on the phone was very helpful. She canceled my first loan and helped me do my seccond loan. She stay on the phone with me to correct for the new loan Thank you Rise for having helpful people.
VERY HAPPY TO BE A CUSTOMER THE HELP AND CUSTOMER SERVICE RENDERED WAS EXCELLENT
"Very good had fund the next day deposit in bank ,great company"
Great rate and so easy as a returning customer!
"Date of experience: September 01, 2022"
"Date of experience: September 01, 2022"
I received an email saying I was declined but was surprised with the money in my account.. thank you it has helped me tremendously.
This loan saved my life. I needed a car repair for a catalytic converter $1500 bucks! I had already spent $460 on a car rental. This whole experience was adding up really fast. Thanks God Rise loaned me the money I needed with very little run around. And they are fast too! Which is very much appreciated when your having a car emergency.
Rise definitely helped me out in a really bad pinch. Interest rate was a little high but can't complain to much when you need money in a hurry.
This company is PIMPING not helping. Of course interest rates are high but that 5-6% added to your balance DAILY is discouraging when the loan is putting you in the EXACT same position you were in when u needed the loan.
"Very easy to get the funds we needed, and appreciated"
Awesome loan company got better loan as time has gone by
Easy and quick process!! Overnight had money in my account!
I’m very happy with my loan. It was an easy hassle free experience.
I needed a Loan for unexpected auto repair..RISE provided a quick and convenient option for me...Thanks RISE
"Date of experience: August 30, 2022"
While i appreciate the loan i do believe it is too much every two weeks
"Got my cash quick and easy, the best solution for a quick loan."
The process was smooth and easy. The interest rate is horrible.
"Date of experience: August 29, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 28, 2022"
Rise gave me the opportunity to take care of a serious problem with the loan and I am so grateful. It was not a long drawn out process. The money was in my account the very next day. I would recommend anyone to contact Rise. Thanks so much for the loan.
My experience was without stress fast and easy and was able to get the money I needed without hassle thank you so much
"I filled out application on Sunday, was told funds would be in my account Tuesday. Wednesday I called due to no funds. Took forever to get person then transferred. Verified information twice & was told by end of business on Thursday funds would drop. Friday still nothing so called again and was told my information was wrong. Whoever verified it missed a number. They already added interest and I never received anything. Will NEVER use again. They are a bunch of liars!"
"Extremely happy, I have been getting all these pre-approvals, but no luck all was denied, Rise approved right when I needed it the most. the entire process was so easy, everything was done online and got money way before expected!!!"
Great service. Fast and efficient. A very easy process. Go for it..
Was very helpful and explained everything to me. Answered all my questions and concerns.
Very happy. Very quick.
I have been a borrower for years and love your service. Just wish that you all would consider a smaller interest rate for customers as loyal as me..
"Date of experience: August 23, 2022"
It was fast easy thank you so it was there when I needed it
Quick and easy. Payments that I can work with. Very satisfied and would highly recommend.
I had a nice experience working with RISE and recommend it.
Thank you so much I was able to catch up on my bills when I had Covid thank you again __ __
Loan went through smooth with any problems and was in my account a day later
I love Rise! I've never had any problems and customer service has always been exceptional. Rise has helped my credit score go up.
"I approached this company with a loan request for a certain amount to consolidate my debt. While I did not receive the requested amount, they did consider me for a smaller loan (not very far off from my original request). I was very pleased that I did not receive just a denial, they actually took the time to consider my situation and made an offer that they hoped would assist me.

I appreciate this type of business and am extremely satisfied with the terms and conditions of this loan. If you are looking for fast approval, fast funding and efficient service, choose RISE credit.

It is true that the interest rate is less than desirable, however, one always has to assume this burden when seeking fast funds and a lower credit score. Simply read the terms and I'm sure you will agree that they offer good solutions to money issues."
"Date of experience: August 19, 2022"
I was nervous at first! It was an excellent and fast process! Thank you for the opportunity to build my credit! Thanks to the associates and company of Rise! I greatly appreciate it!
"Rise was quick, easy and I was pleased that no other documents were needed. Had my funds the next business day!"
Easy quick loan process...Very satisfied!
It’s awesome so happy I find this company. My identity got stolen and I had nothing left. It was fast and simple. Only issue would be how bad the interest is but there a company loaning you their money so same time be happy. Thank you rise
"So thankful for Rise, I had some urgent car troubles, and just like that!! Fast service.. I’ve never had trouble getting a loan with this company.. I would recommend everyone to give them a try.."
I love it it helps build my credit paying on time.
Easy application and fast to be approved I really appreciate your service. The kind of credit like that I can’t hesitate to refer to my friends
Thank you I got approved and funds were available the next day. I was able to pay off all my credit cards thank you Rise
It was very easy and money showed up as promised…
"Date of experience: August 18, 2022"
Avoid Rise Credit. They don't honor the terms of the original contract. They charge me 4004.04 for a 1k loan. I'm not the only one I also have a friend that Rise Credit change the terms on them also. Shady company I do not recommend.
The loan was so easy to get even with my little income and low credit score. The process was simple and the loan amount saved me from being late on my bills. I totally recommend Rise. You wont be disappointed! Totally will use them again.
It was easy and simple help me when I needed most thank you so much
Applied for loan. It was fast and easy. Payments are affordable
the interest needs to be waaaaay lower yet the convenience was great
"They helped get us out of a terrible mess immediately! I didn't have to leave my house and go to an office somewhere in town. The instant deposit also makes it so convenient. We love Rise Credit and will use again in the future, if needed. We highly recommend Rise credit!"
"Date of experience: August 16, 2022"
Great customer service. Also fast delivery.
"Date of experience: August 16, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 16, 2022"
Rise credit is easiest way to get a loan if your have trouble getting one. Plus once you do they make it even easier to get another over and over once each is paid off . And the interest keeps going down. Making your cedit score go up. Win win.
Easy friendly knowledgeable and fast. The process was hassle free.
Loan processing application is fast and easy! I received an approval right away and my funds were available to me within no time. Thanks a lot to Trustpilot.
"The percentage rate is too high.but sometimes you need the money.even if you pay it off early you still paying a lot of interest and fees.my $1500 turned into $3800 with interest and fees,I still say that is too much"
"First, I appreciate the loan from Rise Credit. The application was simple to follow, and the representatives followed up and let me know the progress after the company's review the loan was granted to me early the next day.

Thank you."
Interest rate is excessive.
We were having problems getting loans from other institutions until we came across Rise lender. They were so helpful and ease of application reviews. Thank you Rise for helping us in a desperate situation. Thank you so much.
"Date of experience: August 11, 2022"
"Rise really saved me this past year when i needed the help, so simple to get loan and affordable payments even for an emergency loan.
Thank you rise."
"Date of experience: August 09, 2022"
It's nice having money available but the interest rate is outrageous. I hope I never have to borrow money at such a high rate again.
"Date of experience: August 09, 2022"
This was a very quick and easy process and funds were available within 48 hours.
They were very helpful with accepting my request for a personal loan to help catch up on bills.
"Lele from your Jacksonville, Florida was the one that worked with us, and she was FANTASTIC! We couldn't have got anyone that was as pleasant, courteous and helpful as she was!!!"
It was fast and responded quickly to my needs. Thank you for a wonderful experience!
"Process was easy , thorough and fast !! Money deposited next morning !!"
"Thank you comes from the heart!
I was in desperate need. I'm having dental work done and then braces. My dental insurance did not cover the braces... Rise could not have come at a better time. It was the easiest loan I've EVER applied for and been approved."
I really love rise. I have been dealing with this company for years and they have good interest rates and always there to help. The more you pay off your loans the more you can borrow.
"It was a very simple process fill out all the information, received my response and funds were deposited the following day. Great service."
Effective... Efficient
Thank You I really need it for $500 for my light and gas bill. I Credit not the greatest and I took a chance and it worked thank you
"I'm really glad I reached out to RISEcredit company, spoke professional,and exercised patience in an orderly manner, and the
response was so amazing, especially considering I had an emergency that I truly needed them at my most. Thank you so much.__"
"Date of experience: August 05, 2022"
"Applied for a loan, in no time I had an answer back, compared to others the interest was much lower . Thank you for helping me out"
"Date of experience: August 04, 2022"
Rise is the best. My experience was Awsome. Money was deposited the next business day. Thank you for your Awsome customer service.
"Date of experience: August 04, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 04, 2022"
I have been using Rise for years. I always have a hassle-free experience--the website is user-friendly and funds are readily available when I'm in a bind.
"Date of experience: August 04, 2022"
Very rewarding. Thanks to Rise Loan!
Process was easy and simple. Online lending has never been easier!
It was a good experience dealing with you guys
I think the work they are doing is excellent! It is something fast and without much excellent protocol __ count on me as a loyal customer
Very quick and easy to deal with! Great experience!
Awesome place to get a loan from very friendly and was able to be approved right away.
Thank you Rise for your simple application process!
"Date of experience: August 02, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 02, 2022"
"Date of experience: August 02, 2022"
Keep it up you’ve been and still doing a good job
"So far so good. The loan was easy to get,but the interest rate is high. I hope after six months or so you could drop some of the interest. Would make it so much easier on my everyday life."
Very quick & easy! Approved on minutes & affordable payments to be back the loan!
was the best and easy application to fill out
Easy to get a loan would like to refinance app is simple easy to use
"Great customer service, fast and easy. However, I gave it a 4 star because I didn’t know I would have to pay back every two weeks."
"Date of experience: July 29, 2022"
"Date of experience: July 29, 2022"
"I'd be happy with my loan if the prices weren't so high. But with bad credit and this being my only option, it's all I could get. Funds went in next business day so that was great. But paying back over 9 grand for a 3500 dollar loan is why people struggle to make ends meet. These companies don't help people they put them in more debt."
"Thank You Rise Credit for making it a non stressful experience in obtaining a loan from your Company.

I made my application on Sunday afternoon, July 24, 2022. My funds of $5000.00, was in my account on Monday morning, July 25, 2022.

I am so grateful to Rise Credit for helping me with my financial needs.

Thanks Again Rise Credit!

Sandra B. Williams"
"Needed a loan quick, and Risecredit came thru for me. I was pleased. Not crazy about the interest fee, but hopefully, I can pay extra and cut it down. Still worth it when in a pinch."
"Overall, I am happy I was approved. But getting there was a bit of hassle. I was told you needed a signed copy of my Social Security card which I could n ot locate. I applied for a new one but it was going to arrive outside the required time frame. Even the SSA questions why anyone needs one because they just are not required by most businesses any more. Anyway, after I told your staff about my issue, they did com e up with an alternative you could live with."
"Date of experience: July 28, 2022"
"Date of experience: July 28, 2022"
Very easy process! Quick response.
"Thank you, very stress free. Easy application process."
"I just received my loan and although the interest rate is high, the process was easy and efficient."
"Date of experience: July 28, 2022"
Very happy is so fast. Thank you __
Got the loan it was very helpful. The money went into my account right away. Thank you
"I was very pleased with the quick response, and completion of the loan process. It was a very easy application, approval, and depositing of my funds, that I desperately needed at this time. The only thing that I was disappointed with, is the APR for it. I understand that my credit is far from where it needs to be (in which I am working on) but the max at144% is still very extreme. Thank you."
Quick and easy process. I loved the chat feature that was also easy to use when I had questions
"Your process was very friendly and easy, but the amount of the loan was not at the level we would have preferred"
"Easy application process, fast approval, reasonable payback schedule. Thank you!"
"I Am Delighted, That You Have Placed Such Great Confidence In Me, And Trusted Me In Repaying This Loan! The Help You Have Granted Me Is So Very Appreciated. I Have No Doubt, That My Credit Scores Will Be Affected In A Very Positive Manner, As Your Company Has Afforded Me The Opportunity To Build My Credit! Thank You, For Assisting Me In My Time Of Need! May God Bless You All Most Abundantly, And Miraculously!"
"Easy process, and happy with results."
I am very pleased because I needed the money & it came the next day like they said. I will recommend anybody to you guys..
it was very easy to apply online and then i had to speak with someone and they answered my questions and helped me understand things.
The loan was fast and easy. I really appreciate the service you provided!
"Is easy to work with you guys, thank you for the help."
"Quick and easy application and funds deposited when said
High interest so pay off quickly"
Thank you for approved my loan I am very satisfied.
Very quick response I got my money in 2days!
"Date of experience: July 21, 2022"
Was easy to apply. Decision was quick and had money in the bank on the next business day. Thank you.
Gave me the chance to get ahead.
"Date of experience: July 20, 2022"
Rise is always there when I need them. Fast funding and covenient!
"I was looking for help in my finances, help that I could actually use and RISE was there. Thank you, RISE"
I am extremely satisfied with my loan. It came right on time to help me pay gor my transmission repair on my vehicle. Thank you Rise. I can always depend on you in time of need. I just wish you offered line of credit which would be great.
"Fast, easy and convenient. Friendly staff."
you have a much higher apr than other loan companies. this is why i paid the loan off
"I accidently paid with an account that was too low (accnt #1) so I paid with the correct account (accnt #2) and it went through! Their program later retried the ""missed payment"" from the first account even though I successfully paid it from account #2. After confirming I had never missed a payment and seeing that something was wrong on their end, they STILL kept my $200 and said the program would have shown they over charged me. Earnest even agreed with me!!! I can't tell you how betrayed and angry I feel. $200 is a LOT of money to me but they could care less about you so, borrower beware!"
"Helpful and I got it super fast !!

Thanks so much"
I always use use rise for times I really need a little help. It is easy and guick. had emergency that needed attention.
"Date of experience: July 14, 2022"
I’m very impressed how fast my loan was approved and my funds was deposited to my account. I’m very pleased how helpful and patient the agent was helping me with my loan. I’m not too good with applying on the phone but she was very helpful. Keep up the great work I give 5 stars.
"The loan process was quick and painless. The interest rate scares me half to death, but as it's a loan I will be paying off very early it's not a major concern.
They definitely do what they say - No complaints at all!"
"I really love ride credit, it’s so easy to borrow money, they take no time when I need the money very easy deposit."
"Having trouble for lenders to borrow money, us guys help us out. Thanks"
"Very easy and fast to apply for,was in account when promised would be there. Thanks for being there when needed"
"My loan approval was quick and as stated in their proposed guidelines. My funds were deposited quickly to the desired account.
My credit score is very impaired at this time, so my interest rate is exceptionally high, but RISE disclosed the proposed interest rate beforehand and there were no surprises.
Though it is very early in my account's existence, I am very satisfied with RISE at this time and would recommend them to other credit score impaired folks who intend to use this loan properly and improve their overall financial situation, as well as to improve their credit score."
This was by far the most simply and easiest loan I've ever applied for. I love the fact that my payment is once a month and not bi weekly. Which actually helps a lot and makes things more manageable. Also once I was approved funds were available within 24 hrs.
Needed a loan that would meet my needs Rise was just the company there for me
"Easy terms, easy to apply, no lies or misrepresentations. Thanks for the moving help!"
efficient manner processing start to end.
"Date of experience: July 07, 2022"
I have had a very quick respond in reference to my loan. No a lot of paperwork and it was the easy loan I have done. Great Job!
Rise is amazing they came through when I needed it most a lifesaver and a half I would not have been able to get caught up if it wasn’t for them..Thank you ..
"It have Rise and love that interest rate goes down. I get a loan 2 a year, It also help improve my credit"
"Date of experience: July 02, 2022"
"I am super happy with Rise Credit. The loan application went very smooth. I am a Owner Operator truck driver and I work off my phone 100% and this is why I mention it. Your company was always there when I needed clarifications. And the funds was deposited quickly and on time, just as it was agreed on. The repay payments are very reasonable and in place where I can breathe. I am sincerely grateful for the much needed boost of funds to help me back on track. A huge burden has been lift off my mind. Thank you 10-fold"
"Needed short term loan. Rise made it easy to apply, and rapidly informed me of approval. Recommend without a doubt."
Thank you for this loan. Really appreciate the speedy process.
Fast and Reasonable
"Date of experience: June 30, 2022"
"'Rise' was right on time, with an easy application process, prompt delivery and an affordable payback arrangement, Thank you!"
"Date of experience: June 30, 2022"
"I ran into an issue with the online form. I called and got immediate assistance. The person I spoke with was friendly and thorough. I will definitely use again in the future if I need it. Hopefully, I won't, though LOL."
I couldn't believe it was so fast. This loan relieved a lot of stress/ THANK YOU
Had a great experience applying and receiving my loan.
Your interest rate is not affordable returning the money to sender not ok the most interest rate in the world not recommending to be debt with this company sorry but you got level up on the interest even buying a house is not like that this is beyond out of this world have a meeting and see how manly people you took from
I needed the money too fix my washer hose outside thank you for loaning me this June
"Date of experience: June 29, 2022"
"Everything was fast and efficient.
Hassle free and eas."
My experience was not great but it took a long time for you guy to Approve the loan why I don’t know
"I was very happy with my loan. I needed money fast and other lenders were giving me issues. It is an extremely high interest rate, however considering the circumstances it's worth it. I plan to pay off the loan early to avoid the additional costs."
I definitely needed them to come through and they did
Quick very responsive and will pass them on to friends and family.
"Date of experience: June 26, 2022"
They have been the best with giving me affordable loans at great rates and length of terms. Ms Banks
I was very pleased with how well and fast this transaction was completed. Thank you
Everything was just right. Fast easy and finished
Took 3 days for the loan to hit my account. The loan of course started gaining interest from day one. I was told 3 different things from 3 different people with the last one pretty much telling me the other 2 lied.
The interest rare totally outrageous. Someone needs help don't have that much money the way it is and you guys rape us.
"I was skeptical at first, but Rise really helped me get the money I needed in a very timely fashion."
"Date of experience: June 21, 2022"
Easy funding and no pre payment penalties
"Avoid this website, its a sham, they steal your information and they also deny you of a second loan if you try to re-apply with them or even re-finance. Their buisness model is a lie and they are not an equal oprotunity lender.

And to the rise reply below ---v
Its not that I dont trust if your systems are secure, I just don't trust you not with the consistant BS and jerk around that I got from you guys."
"Date of experience: June 17, 2022"
"Very nice doing business with you all
Very helpful very thankful I got the loan.
I could use some more money. Thanks____"
Only thing I can complain about is the interest rates. Been paying 225 bi weekly for a year. And my principal went down just a little.
"Your services are fast, but I'll pay off loan very quickly. Rates are fine with me. But to the people that you will screw over, I can't recommend your services to others."
"Date of experience: June 16, 2022"
Got offer in the mail. Applied for the amount that was given for me & got the money next 2-3 days.
"Date of experience: June 16, 2022"
"Thanks alot RISE CREDIT,the process went smooth"
"Date of experience: June 16, 2022"
I was amazed in how fast i got my loan through the bank i needed the funds for a family emergency i highly recommend
"Easy to apply, returned decision immediately and their interest rates are much lower compared to other lenders of this type. Calls are answered quickly, professionally and questions answered efficiently."
My experience with Rise Credit has always been very good. They are quick
While it was easy to get money from your establishment. The ridiculously high interest rate on some that needs the money to get by is crazy. 200%. Come on thank god I only needed the money for a few weeks.
"It was a blessing in disguise, and affordable payments, thank u"
No hassle. Had my money in the bank in one day
I just think that the first payment due should be 30 days from the date of the loan.
Very satisfied with my loan and experience. Received money right away and it was so helpful during a difficult time. Thank you so much!!
I appreciate the chance to build my credit and get some things paid off...Thanks
I was pleased with your company it wasn't so hard to get the money I needed and the interest rate wasn't too high thank you finwise definitely worth it after I repay I will come back thank you so much
"I have been very happy with the fast and easy application process.
I had the requested amount deposited the next day into my account.
Thank you !!"
"Fast, easy service.
Easy online process."
My process on getting a loan was very easy with the help of the customer service personnel. Very easy to follow the steps needed on getting the loan processed and approved. If you need a loan this is the place to come to and see if they can help you.
It was so easy to apply. Plus the money was in my account the next day before noon
"No comment! Thank you … Got the money but, the monthly payment is so high…I think it would be better if it’s low cuz of the low economy."
"Date of experience: June 09, 2022"
Very easy to process. Great customer service
"Date of experience: June 09, 2022"
"This is for real. At first, I thought this was scam. I still trusted the process and did all the steps. It was sample and easy. I did my application on the 1st and on the 3rd I got 5,000 in my account. I was able to pay some of my debts. Not all, but atleast I am a little stress free."
Needed help with money and they helped good services so far !! (:
Very quick response time. Payments are affordable.
"Don't try to refinance....
Have contacted and given documents 7 times via email. I have contacted RISE several times and get the same rig-a-ma-row.











e"
Too costly. If I had any other options I would have taken them
"Professional, no repeated questions on my loan. It was quick and simple. The Owl was Wise.
Thank you"
"Helping people with financial problems without hesitation, charges are very reasonable.
Thanks for helping"
This came at a time when I needed it. It was a very easy application and process.
"I wanted to change to pay once a month but told I could not, just started with Rise, hopefully everything works out between us."
This is my first time using rise I can only say that the customer service was very good sounds all my questions and looking forward to the business.
The application was easy and approval was fast. Even on a holiday..
thank you for the loan you have always been there for me when i needed some extra money & again thank you.
Very quick and very helpful. Thank you so much . J Stewart
"Date of experience: June 02, 2022"
The process was real simple. I got an offer in the mail and I just followed the instructions. It only took a few minutes to process and I had my approval for the money right away. I am very happy with my loan. Thank you very much RISE.
I’m happy that I could get this loan due to having covid & being out of work. The only thing that I would like to change is the high interest rate but hopefully I can pay back quickly.
"Very fast acceptance for loan and process.
I truly recommend it."
Thanks. You came thru when I needed it don’t like the rate but maybe I can get it lower next time
Needed to cancel a date and eliminate a couple of ongoing bills didn’t believe anyone would loan me the money to do it because of my credit rating so thank you for allowing me to do this and get back right
Quick and easy. Fast funding.
"I am new To Rise but they did approved me to a 4500 loan I only asked for 1800 and did received it in two days so I give Rise 5 __ and I am a real customer and glad I applied was hesitant at first but glad they were able to help ,but the best they let yo u pay ahead in time ."
"Date of experience: June 01, 2022"
Fast and quick. Less than 10 minutes. Money was deposited next morning.
"Date of experience: May 31, 2022"
Nice to know that someone believe on helping out. It was fast.
"Date of experience: May 31, 2022"
"Date of experience: May 28, 2022"
Very easy to deal with! Also very helpful
Thanks for your assistance! Great company easy to work with! Keep up the great work!!
"The process is simple, easy, and no problem. However,
Their level of customer service when communicating is awful! You can send and communicate very clear requests & instructions over and over, yet they will drag out email chains acting like they don’t understand what your requesting until things drag out past 5pm, then they say they are unable to honor the request. This also occurs when you finally are able to get a customer service rep on the phone as well.

This continues to happen over the same request for months now, which is ridiculous. Who is managing & training @ Rise or even cares enough at Rise to actually follow thru with anything other than their own agenda?
Not one person has corrected the request even now, which causes more frustration and headache than needed.

Absolutely ridiculous! I would never recommend Rise to anyone!"
I was extremely impressed with the efficient process. From start to finish it was secure and timely. I highly recommend these services and will use it when/if needed in the future.
Very fast easy service.
Very fast and easy to do
Easy to apply and quick reply money was in my account very next day
fast and easyy
"A zero rating would be more appropriate. Borrower BEWARE! I’ve been trying to pay this loan off for over a month now. My bank sent them a check on 4/22 and it was never received. I spoke to Rise customer service and was told checks are credited to accounts same day received. So, My bank sent another overnight to them on 5/17 with tracking and signature required. It was received 5/18 and signed for by an employee. Several calls since then and given multiple varying answers. Once it wasn’t received. Next it was noted as received on my account and would post by 5pm that day (it did not), then they would contact me within 24 hours and it would be “escalated” — no call. I called them with my bank on three-way, and was informed it had not been received and they couldn’t verify if the person who signed had it or not…and that it would take 7-10 days from receipt to post…tons of excuses and lies! When the original check was mailed it would’ve paid this loan off. Now I have accrued over $400 in interest atop the original amount thanks to their daily interest charges. Wish I’d NEVER hit the accept button on this “loan” and I HIGHLY advise you to avoid them at all cost! I’ve paid my loan every month, on-time, and never an issue until I want to pay it off to better myself and get out from under some debt. This company is nothing more than a payday loan service at best. Complete and total loan sharks with horrible customer service and extremely questionable business practices. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. There are better alternatives. Take it from me!"
"Date of experience: May 23, 2022"
Easy application and received my loan quickly.
Haven't received anything yet in the mail the process is great for the loan but the wait for the check is to long I'll have to make a payment before I get check
Very fast and easy. Really helped me in time of need.
"Easy, peasy, lemon squeezy. It was one of the best applications to file out and it took no time to get approved."
"Efficient, in a timely manner, I appreciate the help!"
So far great!! Service and ease of use. Very satisfied
"Easy Process, Money deposited to account the very next business day before 2 p.m."
It was very simple and easy process. Thanks ver much for the opportunity.
"Very professional
And satisfy"
"Interest rate is through the roof. I got a approved for 5k, but would have paid about 13k back. I got 3k but paid it right back after 3 days. It will put you in debt for sure."
"Date of experience: May 18, 2022"
The application process was simple. I was given enough financial relief to breathe.
Thank you I appreciate it
"This is getting completely ridiculous. A person that's had a total of 8 personal loans from you going back to 2016 can't get a new loan. After requesting why, this is what they emailed me today,
1. Delinquent past or present credit obligation
2. Excessive changes in personal information
3. Excessive credit obligations
Are you kidding me? My credit report hasn't got ONE SINGLE derogatory item on it. Excessive changes in personal information? The only thing that has changed on my personal info in 10 yrs has been my phone #. Excessive credit obligations? I made over $225k last year and own a $1.2 million dollar home. Who is running the credit qualifications at Rise Credit? It would have been nice to give you guys a little more business, but it's clear this is obviously a racial thing with Rise Credit. Now I see why a lot of their past clients don't come back to them."
Rise is a great company the loan process was quick and painless
Risecredit was able to help us stay afloat when we needed it the most. The approval came through quickly and payback options was awesome and manageable would recommend to friend.
"Date of experience: May 17, 2022"
I applied for my loan that morning and it was in my account the next day! I love Rise!
Very easy loan happy with the whole process
Fast and easy a great help when I needed it
"Affordable payments, easy schedule, great people. So glad I went through Rose for this loan!!!!!"
Quick and convenient. application process was clear and simple. loan was added to my account quickly so there was no delay in resolving financial need.
Fast and easy! Helped when I needed it
"Great customer service
Very easy to work with
Highly recommend
Nothing but a great experience so far"
I love it thank you
Loan app was quick and. easy. Just took a few minutes. Was approved and had my money in 14 hours. Would definitely use risecredit again. Also made repayment easy.
"Very happy, obtained with ease, no hassle"
This interest rate is too high. I will try to pay this off as soon as possible.
They were attentive And very helpful. Thanks
Easy process and great service
"Date of experience: May 12, 2022"
"It was the best experience, the process was easy, they responded quickly, had funds in my account the next morning. I will certainly recommend them."
"Date of experience: May 11, 2022"
"This line of credit was useful for me emergencies, paying off credits and other matters. I am glad for the pre-approval amount."
was a simple but expensive loan but best offer I have had but was not enough to catch all my bills... got good start
"Great loan, easy process and fast deposit!!"
I was approved in minutes! Process was easy. Thanks Rise!!
"So very helpful. It was approved very quickly. It was easy, and fair, because my credit wasn't the best. It's expensive, but worth only 2 years of payments. Thank you so very much. It was much needed."
"Never again, these interest rates are absolutely criminal!"
I applied online with ease. In a few days. I had my money. Very easy and accurate process. Thank you Rise.
The loan rate is absurdly high but I needed this money short term so I did it .
"Both loans I've gotten were handled quickly and easily. No beating around the bush or having to jump through hoops, even with my bad credit. Decent bi-weekly payments have made it relatively easy for me to build my score back up."
"Excellent Service, nothing but good experiences with this company."
They were confused representatives. After two days of wrong information; I spoke to a supervisor who still didn’t fully know what banks should be on the list.
"After These people went into my bank account to verify that my bank was a real bank, they denied me because I did not have enough money in it. If I had money in my account, why should I borrow money that will charge to the interest of 6,000%?? That is oxymoronic if you ask me? Very laughable. I only tried them because KARMA bothered me at 20x to apply. What a waste of my time. People, if you want a company that will respect you, please go apply to CASHNET USA. They are very good."
"Interest rates are excessive. $6000 to borrow $2500. Only a few bucks from each payment is applied to the principle, save your money folks, there are other places that will give you better rates."
"They were here when I needed and it was an easy process no hidden fees, will do business again"
Everything was easy and very smooth but the only thing is very high interest rate sky rocket but is maybe what I deserved for bad credit score
"fast and easy to get it

thank you"
"Easy, helped me with unexpected bill."
Great fast no problem getting the loan thank you like that I will be paying fast on this with no penalties ________
Fast and easy to apply! Great loans when you need one!
"Date of experience: April 26, 2022"
I appreciate how easy and customer oriented this process has been. Thank you!
Thank you for helping me get caught up on my bills
"Not recommended. Easily the worse financial decision ever. Super expensive loan, and takes advantage of people in dire situations. If I could go back I would never make this decision again."
"Date of experience: April 23, 2022"
"I am very happy with my loan thank you so much I will recommend to all my family and friends I feel peace of mine very efficient, very convenient, and very quick service thank you so much I have so much gratitude."
Super easy. And I got the cash I needed when I needed it.
Thanks for the opportunity that you have given us to pay off my credit cards
"Great service with approval in one day on a Saturday with funds deposited into my bank on Monday but rates are as high as any loan I've ever applied for. There was no fee charged up front and no prepayment penalty. This is a real plus above other personal loans offered. However, this is a loan you get for an Emergency because the company works fast to get you your funds just pay it back as soon as possible."
"Very easy process, very quick funding, affordable monthly payments… I definitely recommend."
Excellent great fantastic
Happy with the quick process and ease of obtaining a loan in an emergency situation! Thank you Rise!
Thank you very much for the quick response I really appreciate it! It was right on time!
"Date of experience: April 21, 2022"
I was very pleased with the professional oh quality of work done by your company and your company and I am happy that you were able to help me with my loan
This was the easiest loan ever!!! It came just in time! Thank you for making the process extra fast and simple!
"I found myself in a sudden tight spot due to an unexpected financial situation.
I applied to Rise and had the funds within a couple of days.
The application process was simple and straightforward.
Thank you, Rise !"
It was a nice thing to help me get out of credit card Debt
"Date of experience: April 19, 2022"
"I am so happy with Rise!! I was struggling getting a loan and rise gave me the loan without having to stress my self in just minutes I was qualified!! I am so glad and happy with my loan!! I got the money by the next day!!! I highly recommend Rise!!
Thank you so much!!"
"Highly professional service, a fair review and prompt deposit to my bank account. Absolutely the best!"
I am very please with Rise staff and support team.
"Date of experience: April 15, 2022"
Awful people they are like liberals out there they deny retired people because of their income and say bad things also deny because of credit scores etc...I don't trust rise credit its not a good company I warn all retired folks find your loan elsewhere who has greater service and friendlier people do not fall for this one its a trap to get you
Thanks for giving a young man with limited credit experience a chance to improve my credit life
This is great company to deal with when need a loan they are there to help.
"Thank you so much, I really had a hard time and your help came right on time. Easy to apply and fast approving process and funding."
It was very easy and pleasant to apply. The app was quick and it did not take long for a response
Excellent service from start to finish. Fast turn around on my new loan!
Fast and easy approval. Love that I can count on this for my emergency!
I am very happy. The loan was approved very fast. I will tell my friends about it. Thank you very much.
"Nice, Easy and Quick"
"Considering my crappy credit history, I am greatful that I was approved for a loan. It was easy and very quick and several payment options. If I need a loan in the future I'll apply with Rise Credit again."
"Yes I am very happy I was approved.
Thank you
Barbara Flores"
Very easy to to do and very user friendly. Would recommend.
Easy loan. Just remember to pay it off fast
"Date of experience: March 29, 2022"
Rise has been a valuable company to be for many years. I’ve learned that I can depend on them in times of need.
It was very simple and I got my money fast I would recommend Rise to anybody.
"Quick, efficient service!!"
Haven’t got it yet. I’m not real pleased with customer service I am not pleased with the fact that I do not have my money yet. I was really counting on that money to help get me through the week and it hasn’t done that. I will never probably ever use this service again
"Full disclosure, I've been a Rise customer since 2016 and have taken and repaid 8 loans. For the most part, the experience has been great. The application process is easy, they work with you when you experience hardship, they take debit card payments which is oddly uncommon. I used to highly recommend them. Until today.

I applied for a loan on Thursday 3/17. As a returning customer, the process was super easy. Just confirmed nothing had changed, hit submit, and was approved. I signed the loan agreement and they said the funds would be in my account the next day. The next day, the money isn't in my account. I log on and it shows my loan is in the funding status. Ok, maybe they sent it that day and it would be in my account the next business day. Sunday I received an email reminding me that my first payment would be due on Friday 3/25. Today, not only was the money not in my account, but I received a request for more information. I sent the information right away, and almost immediately received an email saying my loan was declined. I'm researching whether this is illegal, but is unquestionably immoral and shameful from a customer service standpoint. I will never borrow from Rise again and can no longer recommend that anyone else do either."
I have had a great experience with Rise credit. Been using them for several years now.
Applied for loan and it was being mailed. Payment due and still haven’t received loan
So easy to apply for. Quick response
"This was my 2nd loan through this company and the process was easier than the 1st time, very reasonable payback plan and options. If I'm ever in need a 3rd time this is the company I would definitely use. Thanks again!"
Great people. They are really fast and awesome! RISE credit you are rock.
I’m very happy with Rise. The application process was easy to do and fast. I received my loan quickly in my checking account. Customer service seems to be on top of things. I just made the loan and have already received 2 courtesy emails assuring me of their help if needed.
I have used Rise a few times and it's always an easy process. The fees are reasonable and it has helped me out when I truly needed it.
I’ve been using these guys for several years now I have never had an issue they are quick to deliver and interest rates are not bad at all I highly recommend.
I've been with you for couple years now and I have nothing to complain about. You've helped me through a lot of circumbstances. I appreciate everything you all have done.
Great service. Fast and secure!!
I’m happy with my loan. The payments are not bad. I do wish I could have gotten a little more money
"Date of experience: March 11, 2022"
"Date of experience: March 10, 2022"
The loan process was very easy and painless. I was impressed but would have asked for more rather than what was suggested
"Thank you for the quick loan
Just when I needed it the most"
"Date of experience: March 08, 2022"
Thanks really come in handy when your in need!
Very easy to work with. Thank you
It was a pleasure to talk to the agent they was nice an professional an easy to talk to.thank u
"Date of experience: March 01, 2022"
We have borrowed and pay back at least 4 times and each time we borrow again the process is so easy. In today's world with some much going on it was refreshing to know that some thing never change.
This was very easy to apply and get approved. I wasn’t going to but I had a couple of bills I needed to pay off. So now I can rest knowing that I made a good choice along with a lower payment. Thankful
I really appreciate the loan as hard times are upon me and my family this loan got us out of the hole we been in thank you so much__
"Date of experience: February 24, 2022"
"I got a loan to help my credit and of course I needed money so I’m really happy that I found this place called Risecredit.com so if you need a loan I suggest you go to them I’m very happy with what it turned out to be.

Thanks,
Jeremy Foster"
Fast and easy. Very happy
In need of extra money with these tough times now applying was really easy and a quick process for my approval. I received the money just as quick
"Date of experience: February 23, 2022"
"If you need fast help this is the place to go, they were quick to get back to me and I had the money in my account the next day. I definitely recommend going here if you need help."
"The loan was quick and easy,all my expectations were met,I am happy with the results.THANK YOU."
The process was easy and the opportunity was given to me. My credit is fair. I love companies that give people a second chance! Awesome fast process.
Amazing!! I was in a really bad situation and found RISE by chance. I applied and was approved!!! I cannot thank RISE enough for what they have done for me!!! I thank God for this blessing! I had no idea what I was going to do. The process was easy and quick! I look forward to doing business with RISE in the future should I need assistance again!
"I'm so pleased with the loan I got from risecredit,to pay of some of my credit cards,they were very responsive,thanks."
"Rise Credit has been a great help to me glad you were there for me.
Thanks!"
"The team was very knowledgable, was more willing to help when i didn,t understand the process. I would gladly recomend Rise Credit to anyone i may have the chance to. In my book, you are the best!! Iam forver grateful. Thank You"
"I appreciate that Rise has helped me out when I needed it. I hope to pay it back sooner than later, but I am happy it came thru. I would recommend them."
"At first I thought I found a decent company. The plan was to be able to repay the loan fast. However, my situation changed and my hope for a quick payoff disappeared. The payment from this company is far higher than any other similar loan companies I have used in the past. This is why I hoped to pay the loan off fast. Then when I hit a rough spot and fell behind in payments I attempted to work with RISE. They did offer a 3 payment plan to bring my account current. However, they locked my online account. So instead of allowing me the fastest possible way to make my payments, RISE made it incredibly difficult to make my payment plan payments. I tried to chat with customer service but they are useless. RISE even blocks their own customer service people from helping customers trying to make things right. All customer service does is give you a phone number to call. I found that to be a waste of time as well. Nor do I have time during the day to make phone calls and hang on the line forever! I was also told that after making 2 payments RISE would make 1 payment as part of the agreement to catch up my account. I was able to see my payment history, and to no surprise to me, one of my payments was missing in the payment history. What did RISE do with my payment? Did they hide my payment so they could claim I didn't make it and not make the single payment promised to me? All I can say is if you are thinking about using this company for a loan, I would recommend trying some other company. I have found RISE uncooperative and unresponsive when trying to contact them. Also very unhelpful when you want to work with them. I have filed several complaints with the company with no meaningful response what so ever!! I hope this makes it to the top of the review list because you should be very cautious about using this company!"
Very happy with my Decision
"Very fast process, user friendly and great customer service."
Very quick and easy processing. Happy to be a recipient of the funds.
"I have been serviced very professional, knowledgeable and helpful and nice happy people."
Good And was able to get the money fast
"Date of experience: February 08, 2022"
Amazing at my time of need ! I recommend you guys ! No questions asked and I thank you !
They were there when nobody else was! Not even my bank! I strongly recommend them to you.
Very quick loan great response and very nice professional staff very satisfied thanks Rise credit
you made sure it was coming to me with all the questions and to prove it was me. Got it in good time
"Got me out of a pinch! Super easy, super quick. Thank you!"
Thank RISEcredit for your sooner response and your help.
Thank you for the handling of my loan! It was quick and easy!!!
Quick application process. Received my loan the very next day. A+
All good and I was extremely happy with the speed in which funds were processed.
I am very pleased with the service no.waiting no hassle great service
"60%-300% Interest rates? That is legal loansharking. Avoid this company like the plague. Their only goal is to trap you ever-increasing, unescapable debt."
Excelente! It’s easy and fast.
"Date of experience: January 31, 2022"
Been trying to apply for a week. Talked with customer service twice. Corporate called and said they are working on the glitch. Said that the looping of the process is happening to a lot of people. Called again this morning and was told that are still working on it. It seems to me that after a week and affecting so many IT would have it fixed.
"Date of experience: January 28, 2022"
"I applied Jan 21, I haven’t seen funds, was told issue with account number but previously adding information the app kept giving me trouble"
"I’m very pleased with this loan . It’s aka ways hard for me to get a loan much less get approved , I’m so grateful!"
"Process was extremely easy, did not take but a few minutes!

Funds were in my account the next day!"
"Date of experience: January 26, 2022"
Thanks for being so prompt with delivery!
"It took a while, needed 3x of all documents , but did get the loan ."
Unprofessional a company that can not modify a loan to meet the needs of there customer so they pay of debt.
"I had a great experience with processing my application. The process went smooth and it was not difficult at all. I received my money right away the very next morning.

Patricia Thompson"
Although this is a great service to use and timing of it was perfect because it gave me a great opportunity to consolidate my debt. I do feel like when I have it paid back the amount is very High.
I received my loan promptly and without minimal delay.
"Rise came through and helped me when I needed a loan. The process was easy, informative, and seems to be customer focused! Thank you!!"
"Date of experience: January 20, 2022"
"Excellent company to work with, no hassle thanks"
"Didn’t think I would qualify, but I did and so happy with the ease and patience the support team had in getting all necessary information to process!"
The service and process was easy and simple.
They funded my loan very fast. The process was seamless.
I am already so satisfied with services and how I can build financial stability with Rise. Thank you.
A very painless process. Payment within 2 days. Couldn't ask for better service. Thanks!
"Loans are quick, no hassle! You have helped me raise my credit score a lot! Thanks so much!"
"Date of experience: January 14, 2022"
"Hi my name Delia Cirosil im writing you guys to tell you that I'm so grateful you know why because the moment i was looking for the loan you guys was there for me I'm so pressure that,that call bussing thank you so much guys i wonders can't borrow more"
Was quick and easy to apply. The interest rate is not high. Rise will give you exact break down of what you would have to pay.
The loan process was quick and easy. I’m very happy I found this company to meet my needs. I definitely recommend them to everyone who needs any type of emergency loan. Five stars from me all the way!!
"Date of experience: January 07, 2022"
Extremely helpful during a difficult time __
Was there when I was in need....thank you rise
Simply the best!!! Imagine my shock when opened the email from Rise notifying me that my loan was paid in full. I honestly thought that the loan term was longer. From start to finish the process was amazing. Thanks again.
The sad state of an emergency loan
"Date of experience: January 05, 2022"
I got the funding almost immediately and it was so easy/helpful
"Date of experience: January 03, 2022"
"Date of experience: January 03, 2022"
"Good

Thank you"
Fast an easy would do it again if in pinch
Thank you good customer service
"Date of experience: December 30, 2021"
My honest feelings are I've proved myself with many loans and I am still paying 30 some percent in financing when will this get better I can get charge cards with less than 25percent. Financing just disappointed I guess
"Date of experience: December 29, 2021"
I applied with a promo code and was given my loan for the amount I requested… this is a step to getting back on track!
"Date of experience: December 29, 2021"
Thank u for helping me..
Excellence fast service
"Date of experience: December 24, 2021"
Very helpful and professional. Will refer people for services.
Approval process is quick and easy. Payment options are great.
"Date of experience: December 23, 2021"
Easy approval when it counts
"Date of experience: December 23, 2021"
"My review for you has to be the highest score 10 out of 10. You are excellent in every corner!!! I’m very pleased with you!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO YOU ALL!"
"Date of experience: December 22, 2021"
"It was fast and super easy, wish they had monthly options but over all happy with the service, thank you"
"Date of experience: December 21, 2021"
I just needed a little extra for Christmas & I was feeling so bad because I wasn’t getting approved anywhere.RISE approved me & I got the loan the next day & I’m making sure to pay it back i. Less than a month. Super thankful I was able to buy everyone in my family a gift .
"I applied on the 14th at 4am. They said I would have the funds on the 15th and nothing, I message and called and they said I put in my account number wrong and it would take 3 days for the funds to return to them and I would get an email and I would be able to reapply again, almost a week later and still nothing. I was going to use this money to help with my rent but don't see that happening before the month is over."
They were quick and fast with the response and I got approved instantly
You are a great lender and the price is right. Thanks
"This was the easiest quickest loan I’ve w we needed and received in less than 24 hours. Awesome staff!!!! Quickest loan
Love it"
Quick and easy thank you very
"Date of experience: December 17, 2021"
"Thank you, Rise credit for your prompt assistance. You have helped ease the tension before the end of the year.holiday I pray this will be enough to catch up with all my debt. And still, be able to enjoy a decent Christmas.
Happy Holidays __ may you have a happy, healthy, and prosperous holiday. Good Bless You,!!!"
"first i just want to say thank you rise , specially me that I really need rise help me , very fast to deposit the money , thank you ."
"Date of experience: December 16, 2021"
Quick and easy service. Highly recommended
"Date of experience: December 16, 2021"
"Wow wasn’t sure if it would go through I tried submitted everything Friday by Monday money was in my account. Such a blessing
Thankful."
"Date of experience: December 16, 2021"
"Very easy to do business with, thanks."
"The entire process from start to finish was very simple. From beginning to end was just a few days and I had my money. The customer service lady I talked to was very pleasant. She obviously was very knowledgeable about the process. Yes it is a very costly loan but because it was so easy to me it is worth it.
I only have one regret. I was pre approved for one amount but I only requested a third of it. Now I figured out I needed more. But there is no way to get it now. Totally my fault and not Rise’s. Just wish I could fix it."
"I’ve been borrowing from rise a long time and always was given the money I requested , never missed a month may have extended but never missed wasn’t given what I needed"
I am very happy with my loan and the repay amount it is very convenient
"Date of experience: December 14, 2021"
Excellent customer service. Quick response.
They suck. I recently paid off a loan from them after two months and was looking forward to getting another but was declined. They are inconsiderate to returning customers and loyalty don’t mean s h i t to these people. Anybody looking for a loan should consider a credit union or cashnet USA. For more legit then these ass holes
Money when you need it. Very fast deposit into my account!!
Excellent service... thank you __
"Thank you for the loan you help me a lot and I appreciate that
Thanks again"
They were fast and easy to apply.Got my money the next day
"Quick approval, You get the help as soon as you need it."
"Date of experience: December 08, 2021"
"The approval process was easy and considering my borderline fair credit, their rates are outstanding when compared to other loan companies trying to take advantage of people in need during this crisis. Going forward I will strongly recommend Risecredit.com and will more than likely continue to take out loans with them, as they also offer affordable payments. Thank you for giving me the chance."
Since I dealt with RISE before it was easy to get a loan. I just think our options for repayment are a little high. I wish it would be for 36 months. I would have borrowed the extra thousand.
"Rise is amazing in my time of need I always pay so when I'm in a jam again with my pets I will CALL RISE.

THANK YOU __"
Very quick and easy process! Funds were available the next day! High interest rate but was able to pay past due bills and future bills to give me time to save and pay back the loan faster!
"The Risen staff are friendly, quick and very professional."
Easy and stress free to work with. The process was quick and easy.
"Rise has the most easiest application and best payment options I have experienced so far. I have fair credit, and this approved loan is giving me the opportunity to raise my score."
start charging me just a couple of days after i received the loan whereas i called them asking for an extension. so basically i took a loan to repay with the same money. bummer
"Date of experience: December 06, 2021"
"Date of experience: December 04, 2021"
Excellent Costumer Service . Thanks a lot !!!
Rise was super easy and I actually got my money deposited the next business day I can’t thank rise enough for saving me in a hostile situation now I can breathe easy and just make my payments it’s a win win for me
"Date of experience: December 03, 2021"
Good service and they deposit the funds right away 2 days awesome __
Thank you so much. This helped me so much
"Date of experience: December 02, 2021"
I was really in need for cash and I was easily accepted. They have easy set up for payment and can fix you with what you need!!
Very easy process and the rates are great
"Easy loan , easy way to pay .. no hassle.."
"Rise was very easy to deal with, Quick and low payments. Just what I needed right now. Thankyou"
Awesome! You helped me get the money I needed and I am so thankful for that just Awesome.
"Date of experience: November 30, 2021"
Ive been borrowing from Rise for years. To me they are the best company out there. I have never had any problems with anything either. they have been a life-saver to me !! Period
"Date of experience: November 30, 2021"
The intrest rate was low and the acceptance was fast and easy definitely recommend
"Rise has helped me so much, Their really wonderful. Thank you"
You all have truly been a blessing. I was in very tight spot and you all saved me and my family from becoming homeless. I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for your help.
"Date of experience: November 28, 2021"
"Date of experience: November 27, 2021"
Application was easy fast had money in bank the next day
Quick and easy.
"Date of experience: November 26, 2021"
"I'm a retiree and have been let down by my government for a couple of months that my credit score took a slight hit. I was at my wits end and out of the blue RISEcredit.com was suggested as lender, a lender I had used before. RISEcredit.com came thru for me, I was able to pay the bills that needed to be paid and get me back on my feet and slowly get my credit score where it needs to be. I had asked God for some help and promised that I will do everything in my power to do good and pay back the good people for their help because my word and signature are my guarantee. Thank you RISEcredit.com for helping me, I will not let you down.
Laura"
Help me through every step of the way I am very grateful thank you much. Mark
"Date of experience: November 26, 2021"
I've been working with Rise Credit for a long time. This company id very simple to get what you need and in convenient matter of time.
Great loan great company would send plenty of people to yall ____
Simple. Fast. Secure.
Excellent Service. Timely delivery
Rise credit gave me a opportunity when few quickly denied me…Thank you highly recommended!!!
Everything whet great.they did what they said so I will too.thanks again
Ease of set up and receiving of funding. Loved the ability to set up the timeline in which I wanted to pay back.
Quick Approval. Awesome service. Got me money when I really needed it.
I'm totally satisfied with my loan. It was an easy and fast application and I received it pretty quick. I highly recommend
I appreciate the fact that my loan was approved but the interest rates are high to the extreme. Your company can still make money and do better on interest rates.
That was the fastest deposit and quickest approval I have ever received. 10/10 recommendation.
"Date of experience: November 23, 2021"
This was so easy and not drug out. Very easy and fast
i had emergency car repairs and your company kept me moving
They took too long to tell me that something was wrong with my application. Then neglected to tell me that I couldn't reapply within 10 days. So I got declined.
Thank you very much for granting me the loan.
When I needed it most it was approved with a matter of seconds and hit my bank account the very next day. Thank you RISEcredit so so much. I definitely will be an advocate if I am able to. For people here where I am from.
"I had a great experience with Rise.
Easy to apply."
So thankful to get this loan when it was needed!
"I love the fact you give me an opportunity to get the money I need for unexpected expenses and how quickly and easy it is, I feel your interest rate is very high and I'm not fond of the bi-weekly payment but you have come through for me twice now to help me financially and once this is paid in full I know I can apply again for assistance and I have recommended you to friends and family."
Overall they did approve me for what I needed to put down on for my house when not one of my credit union wouldn't even give me a loan and I have money going to each account each month and had a decent credit score and pay all my bills and credit cards on time. Only thing I don't like is ill be over paying for the loan and they will be doubling off of me of what they gave me and my loan payment is quite high for a 22 payment. But they dud help me when I needed it. But fast and accurate respond and approval and fund delivery
This company was very professional and the entire process was very fast. Look forward to paying off my loan and using them again.
"Date of experience: November 18, 2021"
"This loan save me in a very hard time, I really appreciate your help I know the interest is high, but the help that I received is highest"
"Great service, thank You"
The monthly note is ridiculous. The interest is really wack. I knew that was wild but this monthly note is a car note.
Excellent customer service and prompt funding. Thank you
so easy and quick! Thank you!
"Date of experience: November 16, 2021"
Efficient and quick BUT THE FEES AND RATES ARE UNFAIR! NOT FOR LONG!!
The whole process with rise was so simple and easy. I would recommend Rise to anyone looking for help.
Charged $12 to return the $. These people are some dirty scammers. You have been warned.
Needed money quick and was immediately approved. Would recommend to anyone that's in a pinch.
Ease of applying and great customer service!
Second time using Rise both experiences were great
"Date of experience: November 15, 2021"
"I received a pre-approved offer and thought I would check it out. I was a little concerned that I could find no interest rate information anywhere on the website or the mail info. Are going through the loan application, they tell me that I'm approved at 98% APR. That is outrageous."
"Very happy,got tire's for my car, thank you."
Great turnaround. I just wish the payments were lower. I have to take these loans when I have no money for food.
"Using I would be turn down for a loan because of
My credit Rise approved me for a loan ,when I needed it at the right time. Thank you so much."
"I had my doubts whether or not I'd be approved for a loan, but I was approved, very quickly and without any hassle during the process. Thank you for making it so easy!

Justin H"
The process of obtaining a loan was painless and funds were received in a matter of hours. Very happy I used Rise Credit and would highly recommend them for your loan needs!
I received a loan when I needed it most. Thank You!
"Date of experience: November 11, 2021"
You made it simple and quick. Thank you
The process was very easy and quick funding....I would suggest to others. The rates are affordable.
The information which I received via mail was accurate easy to fill out and once reviewed funding was within 24 hours. Thank you for the fast funding provided by your financial institution.
"Extremely easy to apply for, quick response and totally professional."
I got approved in minutes received my loan the next day.
"Experience was excellent and the folks were very helpful, and most kind. Seems like a happy organization so far. I am new with them, and if it is this good on going then it eases the pain of the monstrus interest if the loan pays out but I knew that going in. Over all a very good experience at this point."
"Fast, easy and friendly"
"Getting a loan from RISEcredit was easy and on time. Would recommend anyone looking for a loan, use RISE. The loan was deposited right on time."
"Excellent service, knowledgeable and courteous staff."
The associates could be more engaged with in the chat conversation. They could me more caring. Example how is your day. Thank you for your business.
im very happy with risecredit.i was approved for 1 day then i have the money in my account the next day! thank you all for your help..
Wish I can get a bigger loan after I got accept on my first loan
quick and easy great customer service thank you
"Date of experience: November 05, 2021"
Extremely happy with everything but the interest rate.
Good very good
"Date of experience: November 05, 2021"
The approval and processing with straight forward with quick funding.
"Just lost my mom & had to drive out of state to get my mother in law she had 2 heart attacks so we brought her home to care & work with hospice. We missed several days of work the loan helped our family make it. We’re both back to work now, still very thankful we appreciate you all."
"2 stars because the loan agreement is clear cut and nothing appears to be hidden. However, the terms of the loans they offer are ridiculous when you don't have many options to choose from."
This was a very efficient and customer focused friendly process.
Super easy program to use and love that there is no penalty to pay off early. Thank you.
The loan process was easy and effortless. Also it came within 48 hours
"Fast, easy and payments are low! Appreciate Risecredit working with me!"
This was amazingly easy transaction. It was prompt and made my needs to be achieved. Thank you
"Date of experience: November 02, 2021"
Thanks my experience with using Rise has been great I was approved with the problem once again thanks for helping me.
I like how professional the person that helped me and hey!I got it quick and easy__
Interest rates way toooo high but I was in a bind
Fast and easy money was deposited next day.had access to money immediately. __
"COVID had put us in rough spot and had several small loans. Rise made it easy,fast and simple to fill out on line and get loan. Thank you! Now I got one loan and one payment! Great experience!"
"Date of experience: October 29, 2021"
I applied for a loan and on the application it wouldn't let me type I accept I tried 3 or 4 times and it wouldn't work I called next day and there was help to get me on to my account and I was able to finalize an agreement I accept but the terms what totally different a little disappointed
I was approved for the loan on Friday and the money was in my accounted on Monday.
"Easiest ever, received as stated, so far so good. Very satisfied"
"Fast and easy to understand. I applied for my loan, thinking that in a week or so I would be able to get funds deposited. One day, that’s all I had to wait. A+"
have not recieved my loan yet I fear my payment will be due before I even get the money
"Date of experience: October 28, 2021"
"Great company to work with, easy process"
I was in a bind and Rise credit right away came to my rescue. Been with them for about 8 or 10 years . And so my interest rate is really low. I so love Rise Credit . Com . And recommend every one.that needs the help. Thank you all that work for Rise!!!!
I needed an emergency loan and my experience with RISE was very quick and easy!! Thank you!
"Your interest rates are to high.. You’re not giving people a change to use the money before you start asking for high payments returns… Thank you, but know thank you. Your high interest loans are putting people in deeper Debt.. in these times, VERY SAD.. Thank you but, no thank you… ____"
"Rise was very efficient; user friendly, and easy/concise/clear to navigate pages. Thank you …y’all saved the day!"
The whole process was quick and efficient. I received the loan within 24 hours and truly felt blessed!
The process was fast and easy! No hassles!!
"I wasn't aware of the extraordinary high interest rates by this loan provider. The website is buggy, and only usable on certain web browsers. Once I finally logged-on it to change my AutoPay options it stated that I needed to call customer support to do that. No other financial institution does that! So I have to wait the following day to get ahold of a rep to change it. So, I'm taking their word for it. No confirmation. Then I asked if they could reimburse me for the $161.45 they took out of my account and 2 days later received an email DENIED. They are predatory lender!! You get the same deal going to a PayDay Loan company!! Don't waste your time.. the interest rate is through the Roof!!"
"I’m thankful for my services and customer service is was nice, and this service is real."
I was in need of help with bills. Rise is great. Fast an easy. Thanks rise!!
They came when it was needed and it came qiuck
"Haven't experienced any bad,so far so good."
Y’all gave me a loan when I needed it the most and no one else wouldn’t I definitely would recommend y’all to others and I give y’all 5 stars
"Date of experience: October 26, 2021"
Easy to apply. Got funds really quick
I am so grateful for the help. I'm a single mom and this really helped me catch up on my bills!
"Date of experience: October 25, 2021"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2021"
Love that they were able to loan me the money I needed and the process was really fast and easy to get through.
"Have worked with this company before-very helpful
and makes getting a short term loan easy-
would for sure recommend"
I really needed some money to cover my bills....i was surprised at how easy the process was. Thank you rise credit for helping me get through in my time of need.
This company was very helpful! I had my approval in a fast manner and it was a great company to work with!
Everything is the way you guys said it would be. I appreciate your honesty.
"I have used Rise for over 10 years when needed. The application process is easy and over time, the interest % has gone down. Excellent customer service."
"Date of experience: October 22, 2021"
"Date of experience: October 21, 2021"
"Although I was able to get the loan, the interest rate is outrageous. I do believe due to people in dire need of money and don't have any other options, but to use this company who truly make you pay
over 100% interest rate in loan, smh. Do you best to pay your loan off early as possible. I really needed the money, so thank you and please re-evaluate your % rate of interest because people are out here struggling as it is. Just saying."
Unhappy the rate is to high for what I ask for paying twice the amount I ask for
Yes. Thank you so much. You came through for me at a time in my life when I really need this extra help financially. _____
I greatly appreciate this company looking at my payment history for previous loans and giving me a chance during this difficult time. I strive to make on time payments to improve my credit score and I plan to continue to do so. Thank you so much RISE.
I like the fact that RISE was very fast with approval and all the customers service reps were polite and very helpful. The only thing that I don't like is the rates there very high for small loans!
"Date of experience: October 21, 2021"
"Date of experience: October 21, 2021"
Great Client Service And Quick Turn Around In My Time If Emergeant Need.
"Date of experience: October 21, 2021"
It help a lot and very fast service
Very easy to use and processing time is very fast. No complaints here.
"Date of experience: October 19, 2021"
"Date of experience: October 19, 2021"
Really fast to get approved for a loan. Getting the money the next day
What an incredibly user friendly app and process!
Quickly get you approved!
"I am thrilled Rise was able to assist me with a short term loan. During my difficult time, It was an easy process. I'm grateful."
"Date of experience: October 18, 2021"
"Date of experience: October 15, 2021"
"Date of experience: October 14, 2021"
Payment due within 3days of receiving the loan. The payment plan is set before the loan is actually paid out which makes you have to use a portion of the loan to begin repayment.
"Date of experience: October 14, 2021"
Fastest Funds and Easy processing
"Date of experience: October 14, 2021"
They were great for me! So appreciative for helping me out and so fast about it.
Place is by far the worst loan company anybody could ever get a loan by if you want to plan on paying over 100% apr for a loan over double of what you borrow then go with rise
Yes it is a great thing a great rate and terms it was simple and cut and dry
Thank you for your time to help me with my loan
"Fast and easy, helped me out when I was in a bind. Very grateful!"
"Easy, clear and fast"
Responded quickly and was happy for just being approved.
The process was quick and easy and I was approved in minutes!
I was satisfied it was quick and easy just the rates was high but I needed the money for emergency reasonings
"__""Omgosh smh I've been trying to get a loan for a couple of months even with a fair credit score & a few months of establish credit i wasn't able, so many other companys told me NO""!__...Not until I've found RISE®Credit.com __ they were so helpful in my time of need & who wouldn't love a company like these guys who has excellent customers service and willing to help build ur credit!...I'm so thankful & bless for RISE®Credit.com...Thank You a million & may ur company continue to Flourish !__________"
It was very fast. They are also very friendly.
"Date of experience: October 07, 2021"
Fast to get approved and deposited into 24 hours! ____
Everything was great my lone came when they said it would come.
Easiest loan with low payments. This company is not trying to kill you with the fees. So glad I chose this company!!
I was very confused trying to do it on the internet. Your personal rep. was absolutely wonderful.
Very easy and helpful
"Fast, amazing and simple!"
"Date of experience: October 05, 2021"
"The entire process of getting the loan, was pretty easy and painless. I would definitely recommend them to friends and family."
The loan process is seamless. So fast and easy to get through and funding the very next day. A great option for emergency need.
Good service no doubt
Excellent loans
Rise was absolutely wonderful from application to processing to funding. The timeframe was short and quick and I was so impressed with how communication was constant and updated with each change. I will definitely use this loan service again.
Loan was quick and easy to obtain wonderful service
"I received my loan within days, I love how fast the process was"
Here when you need it but the interest rate is insane! Thanks for being there.
"If I could put a rating of 10 stars regarding my recent dealings with Rise credit,
I CERTAINLY WOULD ! ! !"
East fast simple process. Thank you for approving me. I got rid of debt that I have been trying to handle forever. Now I can focus on making just one big payment!
Easiest loan processes and quick turn around!!!
Very pleased. Super fast service
Very good service quick approval system. Got funds very quickly. Highly recommend them. __
"Date of experience: September 27, 2021"
Got the the amount I was pre-approved for and took one day to receive money in account. I love the immediate process. Thank you RISE.
"I recently got a loan and The fact that they loaned me money was great. Unfortunately, trying to set up my account to make payment to pay the loan off is not available. There's nothing on the website that says create account here. All I want to do is manage my account but cannot. On top of everything, The interest rate is through the roof so I want to get this paid off as soon as possible but not sure how to do it when I can't create an account."
"The staff was great ,they helped with any questions or concerns I had and my loan was deposited in my account a day or so after I was approved."
"This was a very easy loan process, everything being done online was very easy. Also not long for a decision to be made."
Excellent service they answer to you situation quit thanks
Very easy and just happy that yall are able to help me build my credit. Highly recommend.
Thank you for allowing me to obtain the loan. This helps me a lot on my financial burden at the moment and I was able to take care of it. You have been a lot help in crucial need and I can depend on your help if I needed it. Thank you very much.
"Date of experience: September 23, 2021"
It said monthly payments at first then I went back to the fine print and it shows bi weekly... this is ridiculous.. I hope I can make these damn payments. Do a better job at showing what we will get for payments starting out. Hopefully I don't have to file bankruptcy now....
"Date of experience: September 23, 2021"
"Date of experience: September 22, 2021"
"Date of experience: September 22, 2021"
Super easy and money came in super fast as well! Definitely recommend if you are needing emergency money for anything.
"Date of experience: September 22, 2021"
When I received the invitation to apply for a preapproved cash loan I was a bit skeptical. The application process was so simple that it swayed me to try. It was exactly as promised. The whole experience exceeded my expectations. The amount of the loan was in my checking account the next day. I recommend RISEcredit.com to everyone.
"Date of experience: September 21, 2021"
Vey professional and prompt. Easy to navigate.
"Had a very good and easy experience with Rise ,would recommend Rise to friends and Family Thanks Rise."
Such an amazing help when you have no credit and need emergency __
Easy breezy! At a time when I needed financial relief. It’s gonna cost me but it was worth it and hassle-free.
"Date of experience: September 17, 2021"
Very easy to work with helped me out when I needed cash fast Thank you.
"You turn out to be the company I do not recommend to anyone because of your so call verification system and the time to get approval. Your monthly payment is the same as a payday loan, You just compound the interest. You have joined the payday loan people, but you use the word bank when it is not, it is just a payday loan company. Once I pay you off, I hope I don't have to come to your Bank again."
It was amazingly easy fast and I got the funds right away. I will definitely give this a five stars ____
Good rates. Did take an extra few days to get money. Due to extra verification and weekend.
"Customer service was great and serviced was on time, thank you"
"Date of experience: September 16, 2021"
Very convenient and easy application process.
"Date of experience: September 16, 2021"
I was happy at first because it was fast and quick and I really needed it.. but the fees and extra charges is not fare at all it says that I actually got more than I really received. That’s actually fraud because it’s stating a different amount from what I received from Rise but other than that it was quick and on time..
"Date of experience: September 16, 2021"
"This has been a good company to do business with. Over the years, little emergencies have popped up and I have been able to count on this business for a loan at a reasonable rate. The process is easy, the deductions are within my budget. There are a couple of personal issues that I have that is the only reason for a 4 star rating - 1. the hard check on my credit for every new loan when I have paid on time with no adjustments to the schedule, no defaults. 2. I am always notified that my next loan will be at a lower interest rate - it never is - but you are owned by a new company so I understand you want to make money."
It was good and fast got it on time for bills
"Date of experience: September 15, 2021"
"I am very happy that Risecredit was able to help me when I needed a loan. It was an easy, very fast experience."
They helped me with a start up loan for my business in less than 24 hours!!!
Definitely is effective and perfect for any occasion that you need i well referenced to more people
"Thank you for helping me in my requesting for a loan, due to the situation that I’m in right now. You’re the best and very helpful. God Blesd"
"Very nice , thank you"
"Date of experience: September 13, 2021"
needed a loan fast got pre approved was so happy waiting for the money to be funded then got denied ____
Very happy with this company. Promt and very helpful.
It was fast to get the loan!
Very quick loan . Saved me when someone stole my vehicle. Thankyou Rise
They are a great place to get money from
"I very happy __ _ with Rise, I been with Rise for years. Love Rise."
Well. I put in my application 9/3. It is 9/9 n I have not received my loan yet. N the first payment is due 9/15. I’m not impressed.
Right on time will you'll again. Thank you
Very easy process and fast delivery of money. Thank you
I got the help when I needed it and helped me better my self
Fast efficient loan process.helpful customer service ty rise
Quick simple and life saving got bills paid to survive and thrive
Very much appreciated during tough time. Thank you for being there. Deffinatley recommend if you need help.
"Thank you so much to whom it may concern this loan came in handy in which I was in depth with a couple of credit cards and this came in handy to help me pay them off thank you so much I appreciate everything you do I will be looking forward to working more with you in the future.
Thank you best regards Gabriela Garcia"
I am very grateful that I was able to get this loan it definitely helps out a lot and I got it so quickly.
So far I am happy with the loan I just wish my payment was on the 7 and 22 of each month cuz I get paid twice month wish we go from the 1 until the 15 and get paid four day later wish will be 21 or 22 and the other will go from the 16 until the 30 or 31 than will get paid of 7 if we can change the due date I will be more happy about it
Thank you it was very easy and helpful
"I was wanting to get a $3,500 loan it gave me a $2,500 loan and I can't change it until y'all decide to refinance it for me I was approved without any confirmation so kind of got stuck with the 2500 when I really needed $3,500"
Easy to fill out forms. Fast turn around time
"Date of experience: September 09, 2021"
Accidents tap accept.. thought apr was 14.3 percrcent.. but onstead 143. Percent.. ridiculouse
I was very happy with my experience in working with RISE. It was a very smooth process that was very user friendly and easy to understand.
"It was so easy and quick to apply and receive an answer.
It has been a lifesaver for me. I am caught up with my bills and not being overwhelmed.
Thanks for helping me"
"Date of experience: September 07, 2021"
The process was professional even when I was having an issue. The staff was very helpful. Looking forward to having payment taken from account to gain good credit. Thanks again!
"Quick, and professional services."
Very happy with the quick response and funds deposited quickly
"Date of experience: September 07, 2021"
"Same day approval, quick and efficient. Great service."
I think the rate is extortion and want a monthly not bi weekly payment
I never received the funds. No communication about the issue.
You guys are doing good jobs .. I’m good to go thank you
"Date of experience: September 06, 2021"
Very speedy process!! Very reasonable prices!! Will work with this company again!
I love it needed the Loan it came right on time
"Date of experience: September 06, 2021"
"Date of experience: September 06, 2021"
"Date of experience: September 04, 2021"
I am very very satisfied with my loan!! I really appreciate you'll coming through for me in the clutch!! This was the best loan I ever had in my life because times are real hard now!! I will never forget about RISE!! God bless y'all and THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU SO SO VERY MUCH
I only recently got my loan but Rise made the process simple and the funds were in my account the next morning
Customer service was really great They explain everything to me and I appreciate that thank you for the loan
The whole process was easy and fast. I really believe that this is one of the best loan service available. Thank you.
Simple and fast
"Overall experience was smooth and excellent , Applied on Saturday night, conditional approval on Sunday and final approval and deposit on Monday.
Called to verify everything on Monday and the young lady I talked to, pleasant and understanding, helpful in answering my questions. A great experience overall and would recommend without reservation."
Quick and easy process… 5 star service!! Thank you!!
You guys rock!!!! Thank you so much!!!
"Date of experience: September 02, 2021"
I’m so thankful for all the help I received. I will forever use the company for help in the future
"I really appreciate the speed in which you handled by loan process. I do not mind doing business with you.



Nathaniel Williams"
Got the money in a timely manner!
"Date of experience: September 02, 2021"
The rates were lower then the rest. And the money was in my account with in 12 hours of being approved.
"Great service, it’s good to know that I can get a loan as quick as y’all made it"
"When I needed you guys/gals, you were right there to catch me before I fell.. I really appreciate the assist... The process was seamless.."
"Date of experience: September 01, 2021"
Excellent service for the customers. I am very glad and apologize your help.
Grateful for the loan I only wish you offered lower payments. I am on Social Security and it would help a lot to have a lower payment.
Great ____ thank goodness __
It was fast and easy with a wonderful payment plan.
"VERY PLEASANT, NO BIG ISSUES, WENT PRETTY SMOOTH FROM START TO FINISH!"
I needed a quick loan. They were able to help and processing was quick and painless.
The loan process was simple. Thank you. Great service!
The process was easy
"Great customer service, quick response and money was put into my account within 24hrs. Great job rise !!!!"
"Your interest rate is loan shark to high, adjust.I HAVE A 660 SCORE, SHOULD GET SOMETHING BETTER THEN A TITLE LOAN! COME ON.
msr"
I applied and accepted my provisions and I still haven’t gotten my loan yet! It’s been over a week!
Love it very good loan I’ve already recommended you to some of my friends !
It was quick and easy no problems with deposit
"Date of experience: August 27, 2021"
"Very helpful, simple to apply. It always very hard to get help with poor credit, but rise was able to help. Thank you answering all my questions, concern and getting my loan"
"Couldn’t have paid off any of my bills or get caught up, if it hadn’t of been for this loan. I’m thankful I was approved in seconds. Now I’m paying off my debit to raise my credit score!
Thank you everyone!"
I really needed a loan because I had car issues and rise came through for me I’m very happy wit my experience :)
"Came through in my time of need - between a rock and a hard place - they made it simple to apply, no beating around the bush. My heroes !! Ty so so much Rise.!"
"Date of experience: August 27, 2021"
"I was a bit upset as to me asking for a certain amount of loan,
Yet went through thr process and i was approved for $1,500.
I am happy towards the approval
It was a fast decision, and next day funded.
Now i have to pay back my loan and will ask for a higher loan. Thank you. Your customer"
"Date of experience: August 26, 2021"
"Date of experience: August 26, 2021"
"Very easy process, thxx again"
I’m grateful for Riesel credit always helping when I need help.
Fast and easy. Thank you
"Easy, low payments, don't gouge you like others do."
"When choosing any kind of service, customer service is one of the most important factors . I applied to get a loan through Rise. I completed the online process and recieved a email notification that they needed to complete a bank verification. No problem right? Not with this company . I go to login in on their site ( I wrote down my credentials) and it would not work so I utilized the lost password feature . It did not send me a code nor a email link to reset . I tried both mobile and desk top . Used the auto chat feature and that was zero help . Emailed the helpdesk and they insisted i had forgotten my own bank login?? LOL If they would have read my email they would have comprehended that I was trying to access THEIR site . ZERO customer service , zero care . If they are this absent minded with a brand new app... do I really trust them with my personal financial info ?? No . And now I am reading BBB reports . I am staying away . Ridiculous"
"Fast, easy, convenient, helped me out in a tight spot! I received the money the next business day. The interest is a bit high, but other than that, I recommend 100%."
Exelente services thank you
I needed a Quick Loan for an unexpected car problem. Rise had sent me something through the mail. I was hesitant at first. I fill out the app and got instant approval. I accepted the terms and the money was instantly put in my account.
"I tried everywhere to get a loan for 3 days straight and could not get one and Rise came through for me all in a day, short application great customer service my money was in there the very next morning early and I really do appreciate them helping me out at a very bad time when I needed it and my payments aren't high either."
Only thing I don't like is interest too.high
"The must trusted company for loans,good and fast services. Thank you so much"
The loan got me back on track financially. I had tried other places and some of them were eating me up in interest. Thank you very much.
"Date of experience: August 24, 2021"
Risecredit came through when I really needed help the most.
This is the best loan ever thank you guys so much !
"Easy process
No hassle
Definitely would like to see a lower interest rate
Grateful for the help when I needed it!"
"Thanks to these finances, I will be able to pay for my studies, which will give me a new profession and bring me the necessary profit."
It was a easy and sims ole. Thanks Finwise
"Date of experience: August 24, 2021"
"Im so happy for you guys!!, it was so easy to get. Ive already paid my big credit cards off!!! Thank you so much ____"
Great company..i had my money next day!!!thank you so much
"Date of experience: August 23, 2021"
"They approved me a loan, but not the amount i want to consolidated my debt"
"Excellent company they don't pick and choose their clients.
They came through for me when no one else did to go visit my grandson in California I needed some cash before my settlement and they came through thank you Risecredit you're the best !!!!"
I was so happy didn’t think I was gonna get it thanks so much
I am so happy and look forward to getting another one when this one is paid off. Thank you!!
"Thank you so much for helping us in a tough spot!
We are very happy with your service!"
Thank you so much. Very quick and understandable terms and instructions.. loan came just in time.
RISE did these three things well. 1. Very quick response. 2. Rise does not play a back-and-forth dodge game for three days while they hunt for underwriting.3. It was less than 24 hours from the first contact to funding. Very professional and straightforward with great follow-up. Thanks RISE
"I had an amazing experience with getting my Rise loan. Everything about the loan was on time and I appreciate the customer service, checking to see if I had any questions.

Best,
Michelle"
I was very happy with the process it only took about 48 hrs and thw $ was deposited into nt account. Thank you!
"Date of experience: August 20, 2021"
Was nice to be given the opportunity to qualify and get approved and a nice APR but compared to other companies the disbursement time frame is a bit lengthy and waiting for your payment to actually post and clear is also lengthy!
"Awesome experience. At the beginning of approval I thought it was too good to be true, but once I spoke to the customer service agent, he confirmed approval and set up expectations.

I would recommend them to family and friends,"
"Date of experience: August 20, 2021"
At Rise the application process was easy to do. I received an offer of a loan amount and it's exactly what I was approved for. That loan came at a time when I really needed it. The funds were in my account the next business day. Thank you Rise.
Rise credit is very customer service oriented. They really came through when I needed some extra help! I highly recommend them and would definitely recommend to anyone.
I received the Rise-loan within 3 business days & it saved my mind and body exhaustion from stress! I start paying back on my 1st pay check. A payment reasonable for my budget! I needed a RISE in Spirit;Thank you for the opportunity!
Excellent service and help. Thank you.
"Very easy to complete and available fast
thank you"
love love 10/10
I really needed help with bills and you was there to help me out when no one else could. Thank you.
"Date of experience: August 19, 2021"
"This is the first time I heard of RiseCredit through CreditKarma and I will be honest, I was kind of skeptical and unsure on whether I should or not do a loan with them. But, after reading a few reviews and seeing how happy people were with their services I decided on giving them a try. The process went smoother than I expected. I did everything online. They reviewed everything within a day or so and before the weekend was over from when I applied on a Friday I had the funds in my account come Monday morning. I am very pleased with how fast the process went and how fast I got the funds. Granted, the APR% is very high, but I don't plan on paying the loan for that long, my goal is to try and pay it off earlier. Other than the APR%, I will most likely use them again if I ever needed to."
"Date of experience: August 19, 2021"
Quick and easy process and the funds we’re available the following business day! Great for last minute Emergencies.
"I AM NEEDING CAR REPAIR, THIS HAS HELPED ME GREATLY"
"was easy to apply, quick decision and funding"
"Great place to get a loan , it was fast and easy !"
Was in a bind and RISE really helped me out. Thank you
"Needed quick cash. few minute for easy online app, funded the next morning."
"Date of experience: August 18, 2021"
"Although I wanted a 3500 loan, I was happy they gave me something. Can’t wait to pay this off and hopefully they give me a higher loan."
Quick an easy. I filled out a simple form online and had money in my bank. Whole process only took two days.
I am very happy with Rise __very easy to work with. I totally recommend Rise if you’re in need to borrow money
very helpful when needed . easy steps . no gimics
"DON'T TAKE YOUR LOAN BEFOR YOUR PAYDAY IF PAID MONTHLY OR YOUR 1ST PAYMENT WILL BE DUE ON THAT PAYDAY.
I got my loan on the 8/15 i get paid on the 23rd of each month my 1st payment is due 8/23. Not even a week later."
"Date of experience: August 17, 2021"
"Rise has helped me out in so many situations over the years, that I know there is no companies out there with the integrity and helpfulness to their customers . Thank you Rise"
"As you know, this has been very challenging times and although borrowing a loan such as this was not first option, it came along at a very rough time financially and will try to use it as wise as possible, thank you very much"
"Date of experience: August 17, 2021"
"Date of experience: August 17, 2021"
"Date of experience: August 17, 2021"
The entire process was fast and easy. Thank you.
"Quick easy website, got approved within minutes!! Money in account next day!! I am very thankful for this company!!!"
I recieved the loan just in time to payoff some bills that were extremely worrisome that had me thinking day by day. I am very grateful for your assistance in this matter. Thank you
"Quick, easy and right on time."
"Date of experience: August 16, 2021"
Very very easy to use the site and loan was approved and I had my money in my account the morning of the next day! I would definitely use this company again!
It was simple and easy to understand.I appreciate it because I had two death in the Same week.I had no problems with the website.
The offer came right on time and I thank you for the offer
Received the funds when I needed them the most.
nothing negative to say about this company
They helped when Noone else gave me a chance. Thanks
"I understand,this is expensive. I am disabled Veteran,credit was taken advantage of during deployments.I will get this fixed.I appreciate the loan and your service.Loan will be paid as agreed

Thanks for help"
Thanks for help me !
"Date of experience: August 13, 2021"
Thanks for excepting me for this yes it helped looking forward to doing more loans trying to build my credit score back up for a mortgage loan thanks again
Excellent company. Only one that would consider giving me a loan . Truly care about helping the little guy.
Wonderful customer service! Very helpful and nice people!
"Date of experience: August 12, 2021"
I absolutely love this opportunity to have a loan. A second chance to start new.
Three elements were distinct about the services at Rise Credit: knowledge of customer service personnel in helping their customers to select and make suitable decisions specific to their needs without undue pressure; high degree of professionalism in on the phone communication and efficient use of populated pre-filled forms to accelerate processing time of selected product. I indicate here that I liked my individual experience.
Thank you very much
I'm happy and excited I was able to get a loan with a reasonable interest rate. Thanks Risecredit for being there when I need you the most.
Love that we received a loan!!!! But the fact we have to pay it back every two weeks cause we get paid every two weeks kinda stinks. Once a month would be so much better.
"Date of experience: August 12, 2021"
Process was quick and easy.
"Date of experience: August 12, 2021"
Easy to reapply. The helper has strong knowledge of what was happening.
I needed a loan to consolidate it was fast and easy to apply and they are always there if I have a question. Thank you
They are very helpful with whatever you need
Everything was so smooth and simple. From filling out the application to speaking to someone on the chat. I truly appreciate it
Rise credit is a great place to apply for a loan the people are very helpful the only down fall is the interest rates are very high it's a very expensive way to rebuild your credit
never thought getting a loan would be so easy!
I have been trying hard to repair my credit for awhile now. RISE process was so easy and quick I still can't believe it. THANK YOU RISE for helping me not just to improve my credit but for the ease and speedy process! I will be recommending you to everyone in need of a loan. Thank you again...
We're very quick to let me know if I was approved or not.
"Thank you, getting this loan was a lifesaver. I loved how quickly the whole process was and that I got the funds in my account the next day."
The process was very easy. Loan amount was in my bank the very next day. Was able to catch up on some bills because of COVID and will have only one additional payment to work into my budget.
You guys were so fast & easy! Will definitely recommend you to other people!
"Came through for me in clutch, right on time"
Good reputable company. Excellent customer service. Interest rates are very high.
"I really happy with my loan, plus I like that it helps my credit score also."
sunrise loan process was excllent cash deposit as stated a simple process well done.
"My experience has been awesome. Customer service Reps. we're very courteous and knowledgeable. Getting a loan could not be easier.
Thank you!!"
Super happy and fast approval. Love it!
Quick and fast
"Date of experience: August 10, 2021"
The only thing I had hoped for was a lower interest rate other than that I am happy with everything you did for me
I was introduced to Rise through my credit karma app. I found it at the perfect time. The application process was super easy and I was given different loan options almost immedately!
"Rise did as they said they would in terms of sending the loan money to my checking account. They have been fair and straightforward with online paperwork. True, the interest rate is a bit high, but it was well worth the time as two loans with another business is now paid in full. These two particular loans were, sadly, were “non-reporting” to the major credit bureaus. Thanks to Rise, the problems are no more."
Very easy & fast to make funds availabile.
Im happy the fact that they are helping me especially helping me raise my credit__
Got my money quicker than expected Great Experience
"Easy to use, quick and timely responses"
needed money for unexpected bills and it took no tie to get my funds.
"Very happy. Straight forward loan, no hidden fees. I plan on using rise for future loans. The payment chart is very helpful."
__ interés is really high __ so if u need it go if not hold
Yes it was super helpful and money was available next day with absolutely no hassle. We are leaving my son in college and needed to pay off last of tuition and this was extremely helpful!!
Rise credit is so simple to apply. There are no hidden fees.
"Date of experience: August 07, 2021"
Very easy process!! Thank you
"Date of experience: August 06, 2021"
"Date of experience: August 05, 2021"
Every interaction with the Rise staff has been supportive and efficient. Policies are clear and consistent. My relationship has been beneficial to a high degree.
"Process was super easy , after completing everything and verification was completed and approved . Funds were available next day. I haven’t made a payment yet but I will update my review on that process"
I was pleased with the process. Everything went smoothly.
Easy process and got the money we needed the next business day :)
Rise credit is extremely easy to use and great folks to work with
"Date of experience: August 05, 2021"
I came in a good time
Thank you Rise for helping out when it was needed the most.
Our company had some hard times and this company came in and helped us get back on our feet. Thanks for their quick response to our emergency.
"After going through a family crisis that caused my credit score to take a hit and now in the lower 600's, Rise approved me for a loan that helped me pay off a credit balance and lower another and the completing the application and receiving an answer took less than 10 minutes max; And the funds were deposited into my account in less than 24 hours ! Great company and once I pay off this loan I will continue to conduct business with them !"
"I am thankful for Rise for helping me out with the needed loan where the my financial bank that I have been for over 25 years did not help me with.
I have used Rise in the past and have always received help. And that shows to me that this institution believes that there are trustworthy people out there that will repay their commitments without fail.

thank you again Rise for your assistance.

Charles Gallego"
Great experience fast and easy thanks for the help when I needed it
Excelent you have a wonderful customer service thank you for the loan
"Very easy ,fast next day, with reasonable rates"
Very Easy and Quick!! Thank you!!
"The loan was just what I needed, and it can at the right time."
"I had a wonderful c/s lady walk me through my application because my smart phone was creating problems. After that I was approved and got my money ! I wasn't real happy with the fact that my first payment was less than 4 days after approval. I would of though 20 or something. What ever your loan amount is and the reason you need that amount, set aside your first payment from the loan amount because the first payment will be requested. Within 5 days."
Quick and easy to get approved. Saw it on Credit Karma so I applied to help build my credit.
"Quick and easy application, fair and affordable repayment"
I must have entered something wrong with my routing and account number so it did not hit my account which was fine and I understand that but today I got an email saying you needed a current copy of my checking account so I had to go to the bank for that. It was just a bit irritating when all I should have had to do was possibly send you a copy of a check. I just sent them. It was just a nuisance to have to go to the bank because I hate going to the bank
"Very satisfied, needed cash for emergency and they came through for me."
I want to thank you very much you were here when I needed it and it was there the very next day like promised so as of now
"The process was very direct, simple and fast!"
Excellent to work with
Very quick and easy. No hassles.
This is very helpful.
"Date of experience: July 31, 2021"
Easiest and quickest payday loan ever. And the payments are lower than other payday loan. Will recommend this to friends.
"Date of experience: July 30, 2021"
Thank for always being there when I need you.
"I left three stars for one reason only. Getting a loan approval is easy if you have fair or good credit and some type of income. However, the interest rate on the loan is almost crippling for someone on a budget or fixed income.
I am on a fixed income and therefore my interest rate is 125. No,that's not a typo. 125 is the interest rate for my loan."
Good to know that there are still companies out there that help when needed the most thank you
"Was very easy and understandable. Attempting to get a loan is stressful as is,but this was honestly very relieving and the loan was amazing and reasonable"
I would recommend Rise to anyone. There customer service is outstanding and they took a chance on me with not so great credit. Everyone was so nice
This was a very easy process and staff very polite and professional.
Very very smooth process! I love Rise because the loan process is hassle free ( when you need money the last thing you want to experience is an unpleasant process) Rise is an amazing company! I applied on Friday my funds were deposited Saturday morning
"super helpful and response was clicks away
Thank you"
I rarely ever rate a company unless it's extremely bad or extremely good. First the application process is quite easy and can be done all online. Second and most importantly the repayment schedule is actually affordable and aligns with when you get paid. You can pay it off to save interest but until that time the payments are affordable. I have nothing but good things to say about RISE.
Very upset that I receive my loan but had to make first payment with in a week. Should be a few weeks upon receiving!
"Date of experience: July 29, 2021"
My experience with the Rise loan process was much easier to navigate online than many other loan sites. I’m currently rebuilding my credit and Rise was among the few who could help. Thank you!
"This is a great company, help me out fast and simply !!!!!!!!!!!!! Love them"
Great customer service and quick service in helping you to get everything you need to process your loan thank you Rise for being there when I really needed help
They made it easy and simple with good rates.
I did receive my loan within 72 hrs on a weekend. And my payment is due not even 30 days out. Also the interest is crazy. But they bailout was much needed so I'll __ it. Probably be complaining 3 months from now but it is what it is
I could not believe how easy it was to process my loan and how professional and supportive and understanding within the help I needed
I never received my loan payment and am expected to make the first payment on the 31
Easy Process and Quick Turnaround!
You guys have been there when I was in need yo help me
"Very happy, quick and easy process no hassle, funds delivered when they said. Can’t wait to pay it off though."
"Date of experience: July 28, 2021"
So easy to get a loan in a short time span
Very quick process and fast approval would definitely recommend their services.
I was approved of my loans within an hour. Very fast approval. I got my money the next day! Awesome!
Excellent service! Very quick and easy!
"Date of experience: July 27, 2021"
"Very happy with RISE, the process was quick without problem. Next day I had the money in the bank. I recommend it to anyone in need of funds without hassle.
5 starts service"
"Really high interest, but got necessary funds. If you pay it back faster though, you save a ton of money. Basically it's around $10-$15 day in interest on a loan around 5k. Use wisely."
"Okay, who would wanna discuss their finances online? Not me...

However, this company does exactly what they say they will do. They might charge an interest rate that looks scary, but the payments, terms are straight out of the fairness book.

Don't take my word for them, apply for a loan when you need one and see.

Thank You Rise for being there."
It went very well
Rise credit helped me and was able to get me approved within seconds and I am forever grateful. 5 stars and I must say I am impressed
Love it. It helped me a lot. Thank you. I highly recommend.
Have nothing but good things things to say about Rise Credit. Have had numerous loans and never had any problems. Will continue to use when I need a loan fast.
Wish I would have taken more money but all in all everything was good.
This was the easiest experience I have ever had obtaining a loan. Thank you so much__
"Fast, convenient, and very easy to apply and receive."
Easy and quick. Affordable.
"The process to apply was easy and monies were deposited in a timely fashion. It is a pricey option for obtaining funds, but if you have no other option, this can be a good option. Just make sure your budget can handle the monthly loan payments."
Easy application process. Got the money I needed within 3 days and have already begun repaying over my payment due amount. Really helped me out of a tough situation quickly without any hassles or surprises.
Thank you so much RISEcredit. You are awesome! I was approved within minutes and I went on with my business as i have planned. I highly recommend it to everyone in need of a loan
I have been very happy with Rise. This is my 3rd time with them. They are always right there when I need them and no where else to turn. They have been a life saver. Thank you Rise.
"Date of experience: July 22, 2021"
Very good service and the money was put in just like the said payment is just were I wanted it
"The loan came so fast , its a amazing service very reliable ."
"Date of experience: July 22, 2021"
Great help. Nice people. Really helpful. Fast. Low payments
"Date of experience: July 22, 2021"
After the initial mixup with the forms that I needed Everything went quick and I was funded in two days.
Was amazing and easy my credit needs work and Rise was there for me ! I appreciate them!
"Quick approval, payment options."
Easy and fast application process and loan was funded even before they had said it would be. 5 stars all the way.!
thank you for the loan it helped me very much.
Great experience. Would do again if had need!
"quick easy approval, fast deposit, great"
"Date of experience: July 21, 2021"
Yes I was very happy to get my loan thanks to you guys. And also it help me get things paid off thanks
"Helped me in a real Emergancy, I am so appreciative!"
"Good service, I really appreciate it thanks"
"Thank you Rise credit
I applied for loan. I was approved the same day.
The money was in my account the next day.
That's speedy, fast. An on time to help me cover
Past due bills.
____________"
"The process was so unbelievably easy and quick and efficient. My only regret is not getting the full amount I needed when I had the chance. However what I did get put me in such a better financial place. I had a huge deficit I was carrying due to biweekly sometimes weekly travel 3 months before my mom passed. Your loan allowed me the opportunity to better efficiently manage my pay off goal. Definitely a blessing.
Thank You."
"Date of experience: July 20, 2021"
"Got Approved, Funds delivered to Bank Account within 24 hrs. Great!"
"Date of experience: July 20, 2021"
I have been a customer with Rise for years. The process is easy. I got my loan the next day.
It was a very easy process to complete and everyone was very helpful and informative. My money was in my account the next morning..l would recommend you Rise credit to everyone.
I was in a tight bind from Being sick and missing work. It took 15-20 minutes to get loan application done and 24hr for verification and payment deposit. It was definitely a blessing and I’m grateful for the speedy process of the whole thing.
Quick and affordable
"Fast, reliable result without unnecessary stress. Payback is reasonable. Would recommend."
"very fast and easy loan application and approval
Helped me when most others wouldn't.
I plan on paying off loan rather quickly and will use again for sure in future"
"Date of experience: July 17, 2021"
I am so excited to have found rise. This company us awesome. i applied and within 48hrs my need had been met.
Got into an emergency and they sent the money right away. That you Rise!!!
"Fast, efficient and very user friendly"
"Rise help me when I needed help the most and the process was very quick and the repayment very affordable.Thank you Rise,I am confident I will use them again."
I should have read the interest before finally getting done with it all. 148%? But it is what it is. The loan hit my account super fast so that is a plus but I will be paying back more than double of what I actually got so that kinda highway robbery.
Got into a jam with covid got behind on cc bills and car payment. And thankfully I found Rise. Thank you helped me big time.
"This was my first loan ever. Great interest, very adjustable payment types"
"Wow I needed this loan! Got hacked and found out they were doing this awhile maybe. They fraudulently hacked two accounts of mine so I didn’t have the funds to pay my bills, with this loan I caught up on bills.
Thank you"
I appreciate Rise's accessibility. I look forward to paying it back!
"OMG, this was so painless. Interest rates, payments, terms are all GREAT!!! The site is very user-friendly, and just so painless!!!!"
"Date of experience: July 15, 2021"
"Date of experience: July 15, 2021"
Easy process! Fast turn around! Thank you for the help when I needed it most
This was such an easy and fast process. I’m very happy with the outcome. Came through when I needed it most.
Awesome Experience with the loan process.
"Awesome, quick and easy!"
I’m really happy with my loan. I appreciate how fast and efficient they are. As well as I appreciate they report to the bureaus that I’m paying on time!! So helped me in a bind and helping my credit score at the same time!! Perfect!
"I was very happy to get a much needed loan to pay off some medical bills I had now that it is done.

Thank you for the loan.
Lorie"
"I am amazed at how quick the loan process was. When I received my approval there was a loan calculator that allowed me to adjust the proposed loan amount to see what the payment would be. With just a few clicks the process was complete, and I woke up the next morning with the funds in my account. Very, very pleased with the experience!"
OUR SONS BMW BROKE DOWN. WE WERE SLATED TO GO TO KC TO VISIT OUR OTHER SON. LOANED MONEY TO SON TO FIX CAR AND YOU CAME THRU WITH WHAT WE NEEDED TO GO TO KC SAVING US FROM LOSING WHAT WE HAD ALREADY SPENT ON THE TRIP. AT A VERY REASONABLE RATE I MAY ADD!! THANK YOU!!! JC FARRIS JR
Needed a short term loan. Rise was there when I really needed them. Thank you!
"Date of experience: July 13, 2021"
"Date of experience: July 12, 2021"
Outstanding service! Speed with the process!
"Although high in interest and APR, you believed in us when everyone Else went solely on a credit score not the human score."
Was easy and fast. Great to rebuild credit.
"Date of experience: July 12, 2021"
application and approval kinda quick but very expensive!
"Date of experience: July 12, 2021"
"Easy to apply!
Process only takes a couple of days!
The fact that Rise Credit looks past your credit and doesn’t judge you and trusts you to pay them back is a a huge plus! Once I pay of this loan if I ever need another loan I will definitely look into applying with Rise Credit again! Highly recommend Rise Credit to help you with your financial needs!!!"
It was easy and fast. Thank you
"Hello,first I wanna say I'm thankful for y'all approving me I needed extra coushion($) and y'all helped out only thing I don't like Apr is so high its almost not worth it to get you pay back triple the amount you borrow ,but if you're in a bound they help."
"Very helpful, quick process and fast funding"
"Was not happy with my experience. Problem with my bank account number. According to the rep, the last number was missing, and somehow the funds were sent to another account. Not only did I not receive empathy or concern, but I was also told if the money is not returned I will be responsible for paying it back. I am still shocked the website does not have a pop where you enter an account number that warns applicants about the risk and consequences of a typo. Although I don't think it was a typo because I entered it twice and double-checked. At the time my caution/concern about making a mistake was fear of an email saying ""Your account number is invalid or your account does not belong to Michael Sullivan,"
"Date of experience: July 08, 2021"
"Thank You all for assisting me, when I needed you most, in a timely matter."
"Easy, quick and reliable. I will have this paid off in no time. Thank you"
they are very easy to get you a loan and help with your money problems its a must
"RISEcredit did everything they said they would. Even with a holiday weekend, my funds were waiting for me in my bank account the morning of the first business day after the holiday.

Deb"
I got approved very fast and funds were available in my account in two days I’m very satisfied
Smooth and easy.... took care of my needs and got me the funds I needed.
"Date of experience: July 08, 2021"
"It really help my financial needs, but hopefully it will lower the interest rate, but overall the representative was very helpful and kind. Thank so much for helping me out. :)"
"It’s almost unbelievable how fast and easy the online application was, and none the less I got the money in my account just as it said the next biz day, I’m very happy with the process Nd the loan considering my credit isn’t the best!"
"Date of experience: July 07, 2021"
"The loan process went really smooth and it was very quick turn around, the customer service was also very good and the payments that were assigned were affordable, thanks again."
So far so good. Have had no complaints yet. If that continues to be the case then I would definitely give them 5 stars!
"Date of experience: July 07, 2021"
"Date of experience: July 07, 2021"
So helpful! Came at the nick of time.
It was simple to fill out application it processed very fast and I accepted the loan offer. Very simple process.
"Date of experience: July 06, 2021"
"Date of experience: July 06, 2021"
"So far so good, excellent, efficient, convenient and best of all timely."
Would be nice if you guys set up a.paymejt on the days where.i actually get.paid. which is the 7 and 22nd of.every month
"Date of experience: July 05, 2021"
Very fast and easy to get a personal loan even if you have bad credit
"Based on my current financial situation, I needed money to complete a desperately needed home improvement job due to my leg amputation. In another day or two I will have a walk-in shower to facilitate my handicapped status. I appreciate RISEcredit giving me a chance to improve my quality of life. I pay ALL my bills on time everytime. What affected my credit rating was the plethora of hard inquiries accumulated while i was looking for a loan that i could afford (99% is high but it's commensurate with risk and i understand that. High risk, high reward.) However, it pales in comparison to 150% to 450%. Yes, bunky, there are 450% loans out there. You can look at the glass as being half empty and cry in your beer about the high interest rate or you can look at the glass as being half full and be thankful that there was a loan company willing to help out when you needed it most! I choose the latter."
Thank you so much for helping me build my credit!
I love this load fast easy filled it out on Sunday got my direct deposit on Tuesday
"The loan process via online was very easy and fast deposit to my account in two(2) business days. I would definitely recommend RiseCredit to anyone looking for a personal loan, as well as to improve their credit score!"
"Rise made getting some extra cash for debt.A breeze. I strongly recommend.,and they help my credit score..bonus points!!! Two thumbs up__"
Great job the process was great and to the point
"Date of experience: July 02, 2021"
Great company with great rates and easy access to your account and re-applying is fast and money goes in next day will use them Everytime I need to.
"Everything went smooth from start to finish, easy application! Recommend Rise to anyone!"
The loan process was simple and fast!! I’m a very satisfied customer!!
"Hi, This is the first loan I've had with Rise credit. So far, I'm impressed with this company. Their rates are comparatively within reason. Communication is an easy thing. And they don't seem like a credit company that has an interest in keeping poor people poor. Thanks! Carl B."
I just bought a car and I needed to fix some things on this vehicle and the loan came right in hanging. Thank you
"Was fast and easy knew within seconds, I got the loan"
Once I REALLY SET BACK N LOOK AT THE AMOUNT IM PAYING BACK WOW I PAYING MORE BACK MORE THAN I BORROWED. THE INTEREST IS WAY TO HIGH FOR 4000 OM PAYINH 9000 THATS CRAZY BUT I DIDN'T REALY LOOK AT IT AT FRIST
"Date of experience: July 01, 2021"
"Absolutly amazing company. The loan agent was very polite and courteous, I was able to get what I needed, heck they even approved me for more then what I needed. Will use again if I'm ever in a pickle."
The application process was fast and easy to process. My loan was disbursed in a timely manner. Thank you Rise!
"This was fast and simple. No problems.
I look forward to doing business with this company again if need be."
"It was simple fast and easy, no BS, no hoops to jump through, just the money I needed within 24 hrs directly into my bank account. The payments weren't jacked up and ridiculous. This company seems aimed at helping people in financial need not just collecting an outrageous amount of interest."
"Date of experience: July 01, 2021"
"Date of experience: July 01, 2021"
They were very help everything went smoothly smoothly in the transition
I really appreciate you for helping me out with my bills God bless you
"Thanks very highly appreciate,It’s been a hard year.With my job lowering my hours.Had to changing job. Thanks again"
Was done quickly and deposited quickly!!! Always great service!!
I love the great customer service and the fast delivery. Much _ guys.
You guys are awesome! You believe in me! I love you guys! With such low interest rate! I will definitely be dealing with you guys for now on!
The online service was very self explanatory.
"Date of experience: June 30, 2021"
"Date of experience: June 30, 2021"
"Date of experience: June 30, 2021"
No hassle. Got my loan quickly.
Very easy and simple to understand. Straight forward. I like that you can choose you pay date also. I would definitely recommend to people I know.
"Date of experience: June 29, 2021"
The whole process was painless and smooth.
"RISECredit made the loan process very easy to understand and apply and Yes, I had an answer within minutes. I look forward to doing business with RISECredit...THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH! I appreciate YOU! YOU were there when I needed some help and YOU delivered! :)

Diane Nichols"
This is an enormous opportunity to help boost my credit score & recieved a loan to boot * no problems & the process was fast and easy * I would recommend giving them a try ***
I am very scared of what I got myself into
"Loan was easy to get, was in my account within 1 day. I was given the choice to accept or decline date of payments and amount of payments. No hidden charges."
Kind of a large payment to repay every 2weeks
"Date of experience: June 27, 2021"
"It wasn't my first time applying online for a loan, however, it was one of the easiest and fastest applications I have ever experienced. It was nice to have the whole process go so smoothly and quickly. Thank you."
I appreciate you guys very easy painless ... interest rate could be a little bit lower but I appreciate it I may need you guys again..
"This was an GREAT opportunity, I was down due to not receiving my taxes as of yet & with a low credit score everyone turned me away, with your trust I was able to pay my bills & get back on track.
Thank you again

Sincerely,
A Very Great-full Customer"
"RISE aka CBBANK/Rise makes it very easy for people to use stolen IDs, and are quick to report the fraud on the victim’s credit report!! I’m going through the process now to take legal steps against them and the bank COMM BK who finds them. They report the fraudulent loan under different names with different credit agencies. I’ve disputed with proof (a letter addressed to ME at the person who stole my ID’s address) and they refuse to remove the fraudulent info from my credit reports. That little $1000 loan is going to end up costing them 10x that amount when I’m done. Terrible shady company!

Update: see Rise’s response to me below. As if they weren’t aware. I’ve emailed them (not hopeful) but we’ll see if they are truly shady or really care about victims of ID Theft."
"This was a very useful loan process. The ease, the basics of it, were just almost too good to believe. But in the end, the process paid off. Received the requested loan overnight & deposited into our bank account. Thank you for this opportunity & hope to payoff sooner to reapply for the maximum."
I am very happy with Rise thus far. I was able to get the line of credit that I need to get my home repairs done!
"Date of experience: June 25, 2021"
I was happy with the prompt and effIcient way my request was handled and quickly resolved. The process was simple and easy to follow.
Great customer service! Thank you!
"Date of experience: June 25, 2021"
"Quick, easy, and quite frankly budget friendly."
miracle when I needed it the most
I needed cash to get by to help out family they helped me in a day .
"Date of experience: June 24, 2021"
Easy to apply and you get the funds by next business day.
Thank y’all for y’all help I really like y’all company
The process was fast and I had my loan the next day in my bank account.
The only company who helped me in my time of need! Thank you!
Loan came sooner than expected and directly to my bank account. Thanks again Rise ________
Risecredit is an awesome company. I highly recommend them to anyone. The application process was easy and fast. I actually received my funds the very next day. And I did my application on a Sunday afternoon. I was shocked! I'm very happy with this company . The best decision ever!
"Thanks for your help. Your customer service representative was awesome.
In fact I'll refer you all to my friends in need.
Thanks again
Joe"
The process was easy and fast. Very happy thank you.
Love the fact it was easy to apply and quick with a decision. Really help with past due bills.
I RECEIVED THE LOAN ON TIME WITH NO PROBLEMS.
Incredibly easy and seamless process. Love it.
"Date of experience: June 24, 2021"
"Very fast, very expensive, but just what I needed to cover a purchase that I otherwise couldn’t make happen. Thanks guys!"
i am so grateful i was able to get this loan but i didn’t realize the interest rate was so high if i could get smaller payments that would help a lot
"Date of experience: June 24, 2021"
"I am happy to be A customer.
Everyone has been friendly and completed any questions i had."
"Very helpful personnel, patient during the process, especially when I needed clarification during the loan application. Appreciated the timeliness of the process. If in need again, will consider this company again."
Quick and easy to apply and receive will use this again.
"Very Helpful, Fast, Easy and decent rates."
"Date of experience: June 23, 2021"
Got me the money I needed quickly and with no issues. Thanks again!
"Rise is great if need money quick! They were prompt & answered all my questions!
Thank You!"
I have been with this company for years. They are good until you need help and want to refinance you. Then they dont care and pretty much say screw you
"Date of experience: June 22, 2021"
"Date of experience: June 22, 2021"
"Got an offer in the mail, decided to use it. Within 24 hours I had an approval and the money was in the bank. A clear cut payment plan; I got all the money I was promised. Not a penny less for some ""handling fee"".
Little bit of a charge for interest after, but I expected that and it was added to the principle not taken out of the amount.
So far I have nothing bad to say."
Rise credit has given me the opportunity to not fall behind on all my monthly bills and for you I am grateful and thankful thank you so much its greatly appreciated
"Quick approval
Quick deposit
Interest is too high"
"Date of experience: June 21, 2021"
They did what they said so far I'm satisfied
"I was in a jam, and Rose helped me out of it."
Exceptional team of people and quick response time
You guys came through when I needed help thank you
"Date of experience: June 19, 2021"
I thank you for offering me and helping me getting back on my feet. And giving me a good deal of getting a good loan from your company and business. Sean R.
Rise is the best company to get your credit on track.It’s also easy to apply
They were so quick and helpful Im so glad
"Date of experience: June 18, 2021"
"THe loan process is very easy. Money is received in a very timely manner. However, I am going to owe over 3x the amount I borrowed. I owe more after making 3 payments than I took out. I will be taking out a personal loan from another source to pay this off immediately. People who need money from these type of sources do not have the funds to pay this back. You are taking advance of people in tough situations."
"I heard about this company from Credit Karma. I was afraid to enter all my banking info on an app but after a while..I was like whatever. Within 24 hours my account was funded.
Thanks for making it easy for me to get back in the game!"
"Date of experience: June 18, 2021"
"Quick, fast and satisfied! Thank you for your help!"
It was a life saver for me. It was easy to apply.
Fast and Easy. Thank You.
I was really needing help with financial assistance to get my bills caught up while being able to afford repaying the loan and with RISE I was able to do that
Fast and efficient. They were there when we needed help__
I really needed a 2500.00 loan but I was approved for a 1000 everything helps and I'm thankful that I did get approved
great doing this loan with them very easy
"Date of experience: June 17, 2021"
"Date of experience: June 17, 2021"
"I have been a customer of rise credit for alot of years,, excellent experience,, excellent customer service!!! I highly recommend this company."
"I gave you all 5 stars because you all helped me when no one else you suya believe in me thanks again so much

Raul Garza"
Hello. It was fast and easy to do. I would recommend trying.
"I like dealing with you for a loan, but I have not received it yet. Do you know when I will get it??? When I spoke to a representative two week ago, it state something about getting it on the 23rd. I was alarm about that with the payment from me would be at the beginning of July. If you put the loan into an account it wasn't mine."
The customer service was good but I had problems with the website and the application process took days and was confusing and frustrating.
They were quick and professional... they loaned me a fair amount and reasonable payments even with less than great credit.
"I love Rise. It was really simple to apply, and they have great interest rates. Fast and easy."
"Date of experience: June 11, 2021"
"Date of experience: June 10, 2021"
"Date of experience: June 10, 2021"
"Date of experience: June 10, 2021"
"Date of experience: June 10, 2021"
The best i ever had. Thank You.
Rise Credit is very easy to apply and the fees are reasonable compared to other loan places. I've never had any issues with them and have had 2 loans.
"It is to get a loan! Easy questions. And the processed is quicker as i thought. I am happy for the result of my application. And the money in the bank the next day. Thank you Rise,


Judith"
Got 5 stars because it was the easiest loan requirements and very accessible. Also lowest loan repayment for the amount of funds given. Very happy and grateful.
"Thank you rise for helping me all these years and FAST SERVICE, OMG I LOVE RISE, I WILL.ALWAYS BE A CUSTOMER"
"Date of experience: June 09, 2021"
"I don't have anything to say.
Just I'm happy to get a loan from you.
Thanks."
Quick & easy. Was approved as soon as I applied and received funds the next day. :)
I haven't seen my funds yet. I was told my funds would be a direct deposit and then i was told a paper check was being sent. Also why are you charging me interest already and I haven't even received or cashed the check yet. Interest shouldn't be charged until the check is cashed.
Easy Online application I kid you not. Application was pre-approved within the hour funds was in my account the next business day. It happened just like that Period.
"Got my loan fast and in two days, even over a holiday weekend. I loved it !"
"Date of experience: June 07, 2021"
this is my first loan with you you seem like a great company to work with I was very pleased with the process
"Easy and quick, hoping that on time payments are reported to the credit bureau"
Great Great service!! They were very helpful!!
"Very fast, no hassle. Easiest loan process I have ever been through. _"
Applied for several loans and RISEcredit was the best offer I received. Happy with the terms and ready to make use of this much appreciated loan.
"I just received my loan on 06/01/2021 and the 1st pmt. is to be paid 3 days later. Needed funds to catch up on bills, just seems like a quick turn around time"
I’m so happy with my loan.everything was correct just how they said
I need a loan fast... Applied through Rise it’s was a easy application took no more than 10mins instant approval and affordable back agreements received the money in my bank account the next day. Thanks Rise!!
Love rise just disappointed that new long is way lower approval amount than previous loan even though I have had many loans through them and have always paid them off.
Everything that was written in the letter I received was proven correct. The funds were received quickly enabling me to do things I needed to do. Thank you.
Never had a problem when I applied for a load. Always helpful when I had a question.
Quick and easy . No hassle what so ever
"Date of experience: June 01, 2021"
"Rhusis real money. No high interest. Easy to filling. Quicker than snap of finguers. No questions, no requirements, no promess.
I recomend 100% true.
Thank you RISEcredit!!!"
"I was extremely grateful to Rise for their expedient service and helpfulness in obtaining my loan. I recommend Rise to anyone seeking funding.
Thank you so much.
Kaylee Kreger"
"Date of experience: June 01, 2021"
"I was approved for a loan even with a low credit score. Great help when needed. Easy process and fast service, received money in my bank within three days."
I was very impressed with this company and look forward to doing more business with them in the future.
"Date of experience: May 31, 2021"
"Date of experience: May 31, 2021"
This was a hassle free very quick procedure ..really happy with the result..
Was very easy and simple thank you so much
Quick and.easy. even though I needed a little.bit more to borrow I am happy with what I got. No hassles .
After looking everywhere for a loan with bad credit rise was there to help me really happy for the help when it was most needed
It was very fast and easy no complications it was a simple yes or now it only took a few minutes and it was available the next day! Now the interest rate are high but i completely understand base on my credit score but i appreciate that i have a new opportunity to fix my credit even if i have to pay a little More the monthly payments are decent as well!thanks credit karma and tanks Risecredit!
We were very pleased with the process and how quickly we were approved. Thank you so much.
No comment. Love it. It was quick and fast.
"Date of experience: May 27, 2021"
Quick and easy . Low monthly payment
They made my loan process easy and quick. Payments are manageable.
They was there when I needed them. Very costly to pay back but do your homework don't request the loan if you can't pay it back
Very convenient process with speedy delivery.
"Date of experience: May 27, 2021"
I was amazed that the loan process went quick and easy.
I am happy to get a loan from y’all I really want to fix my credit and you guys gave me a chance to do so. Im in my 30s and don’t want to have bad credit which I didn’t care for in my 20s. So i thank you for for a fresh start to fixing it.
"Very quick and easy application, approved in seconds. Monthly payments are very low to payback. Very happy with Rise Credit!"
"Thank you! Money was quickly deposited into my account next day for my emergency situation, I don’t know where I would be now without it"
Good and quick service. Easy to conduct business
It came at a time I needed it An easy way to get a loan. The only negative I can think of is the high interest rates. But I needed the money an I am looking to pay this off early.
Awesome filled out everything. got my money the next morning thank you rise!!
"Everything went great, easy to apply, easy to understand, upfront about the amount of interest. Honest company. Easy, honest, available for an emergency."
"I give them 5 stars because they were very helpful and easy to use and in 5 minutes it’s done, the money is in your account in the next day.absolutely I will recommend them to everyone who are in need."
"Date of experience: May 24, 2021"
"Date of experience: May 24, 2021"
"I was in over my head with debt, with absolutely no credit, and RISE was the only business to give me a chance and help get me out of debt! I am extremely grateful for RISE, you helped lower my anxiety and gave me hope for my tomorrow! :)"
They came in clutch (right on time). We had an unexpected emergency. The whole process took less than 48 hrs. The overall terms was reasonable as well.
Easy application and very quick in getting my loan thanks Rise credit
I was in a financial bind and you were able to allow me to pay off a predatory loan some other bills. The process was simple and quick. Thanks for your help.
speedy process! Was funded fast and staff was great! Helped me!
"Process was easy, approved quickly, and loan deposited directly into account the following day."
very quick and very easy to understand the terms to the loan agreement.
"Thanks team!
Really helped me out of a jam!!
Would absolutely redder others!"
Payments are way to high loan amount not enough..
Easy. Fast. Realistic payment plan.
I applied for 1000$ was approved for 800$ got my money fast got approved fast.
"So far, so good! Money came as promised so thank you!"
It was a very easy process. Emergencies come up and sometimes you have to do what you need to do.
Great way to help in emergencies and could help get ur credit in the right direction 5 stars all day ____
"Appreciate you all at Rise, the loan came in handy in catching up with afew of my Bill's thanks again & as well keep safe Inshallah"
The process was quick and easy.. Im satisfied
They gave me help when I needed it the most.
"Date of experience: May 20, 2021"
It was a hard process at the beginning but do appreciate this help for my immediate needs.
Very easy quick and helpful got me the money I needed for bills
"Fast,good customer service, easy, better rate, flexible payment, rise is the best."
"Amazing very happy . I’m building my credit and this was a great option to start , very quick and easy . Very thank full easy way to pay will be automatically out of my account will help so I don’t forget .. very happy and strongly recommend"
It was a great help in a time of need. Thank you
Quick and easy application process. Received the funds on the next business day. Highly recommended
"Date of experience: May 19, 2021"
Very easy application process; customer service answered questions I had.
"I liked the ease and speed of getting a loan; however, the interest rate is insane! Make sure you have the means to pay it back quickly."
"Date of experience: May 19, 2021"
When I applied for a loan I didn’t have to wait long to get it. Your company was very helpful and I appreciate everything you do for me.
Rise has the best customer service you can ask for. Easy to apply and easy funding
"They were very reasonable and upfront about the loan which I needed it urgently. Thank You.,, I am glad they had my back.."
Thank you so much for choosing to bless me with these funds. I am financially responsible but life stepped in and this was needed. Thank you again__
The process was insanely easy.
Loan was an easy process and quick deposit!
"Borrowing money from Rise is SUPER easy, e.g., the application process is not complicated and I received the money in my bank account in a timely fashion. Monthly payments are simple, hence, it is better paying the amount borrowed soon as possible. Nonetheless, Rise is great for anyone that needs quick cash for emergency situations, truly awesome!"
Appreciate the fast approval. Loan amount low relative to my income but happy to get what I did I guess.
"Date of experience: May 17, 2021"
"Borrowed $3000 14 months ago at 150% APR and payments of 400.00 per month. I will be making my last 275.00 payment Next week. They agreed to refinance my loan to $5000.00..until I asked for a lower interest rate. Now, I no longer qualify for refinance despite a better than perfect payment record. Run from them like they have the plague."
"Fast, courteous and professional!"
Very easy process and the payment for the amount finance is very reasonable. Also the time period to pay in full is not long at all. Very satisfied new customer.
Everything was quick
I am very happy Rise has gave me a chance to establish a good loan pay back history! I am hoping to buy a new Buick SUV next year! This loan will better my chances! Thank you Rise team for believing in me....
Thank you for making the process soooo quick and easy. I received my money in 25 hours.
Excellany service. Explained the process of the loan. Grateful that all questions I had were answered.
"Date of experience: May 14, 2021"
You came through when I needed you. Thank you.
"I would have been more satisfied had you made the loan for the requested $4000.00 since that was the original offer, however I am pleased and I thank you.
Today I get another Rise CCBank offer and it’s for $5000.00. Just my luck."
"Is good i,m happy for the loan thans"
"Customer service is impressive. I love how i can pay extra and the customer service staff is so friendly and helpful, they let you know that you are doing a great job paying on your loan. Awesome job thank you for helping me"
Came in handy when needed. Thanks
Tried everywhere to get a loan and they gave me a chance to prove I am good __ thank you the best would not want to go anywhere else.
"Great services and easy access, could not have been better. Thanks."
VERY user friendly. FAST delivery. Lower prices than other lenders. Overall GREAT experience. I would recommend this company to friends or family in need. Thank you for your help!
They made it super easy to get approved and explained everything very well. I was a little skeptical with it being online but it was all very secure and I was able to get my money direct deposited the next day. Will definitely be using them again for any future loans.
Great response and pre-approval process was quick and easy
i was so happy with the service but the interest is so much
Fast approval and no high rates which is a HUGE plus!!! Extremely happy with them.
"Date of experience: May 11, 2021"
"Date of experience: May 11, 2021"
"Super easy process, got approved in mere minutes."
"Date of experience: May 11, 2021"
Low payment and great payment plan
I haven't received my check in mail been over 10 days and I already have to make payment please call 2102910400 Joseph frausto
"Date of experience: May 10, 2021"
"The process was quick, simple. Thank you"
"Date of experience: May 08, 2021"
"I took out a $3,000 dollar loan and it was 23 pmts for almost $400.00 a month with the interest 124% and to me that’s way too high for any loan I gave back most of the money from the loan and soon as I pay it off I’ll never borrow from you again. Also it’s not on my credit report to help build my credit and I’m just not satisfied with this loan at all. You sent me a refinance after I paid it down and still 124% interest I have credit cards and I don’t need yours."
"Extremely poor interest rates will leave you paying on these loans forever, even large payments will have you feeling like you are making zero progress. Additionally, they do not decrease interest rates for customers with excellent payment histories when taking out new loans as they advertise. Not recommended unless absolutely necessary, but they do grant loans where others don't.

I updated after I spoke with Rise per their reply on my previous review, and they simply advised that the terms are as they are and nothing can or will be changed. This wasn't unexpected, but the person I spoke with was professional and understanding at least. During my call I was simply made aware that, even after multiple paid off loans, I could never expect to pay less than 99% interest(and I'm paying much more than this at the present time)."
Extremely easy and convenient!! I work the late shift and never have to worry about services being accessible.
The website was simple and easy to use and their communication was clear each time
"Fast, easy, user friendly! Will highly recommend!"
After submitting my loan request I was informed I was approved and the funds would be in my account the next business day. After two days of waiting I called and found my checking account numbers were entered incorrectly. The numbers entered were not mine at all. I was then informed that I'd have to wait 3 more business days for them to find out where the funds were. Now in my email I'm asked to verify my info all over again. I'm now suspicious. I'm almost glad this all happened and that the loan didn't go through. I feel I narrowly escaped what would have turned out to be a harrowing ordeal.
"Very happy with the loan, very easy process"
"Quick and easy allocation, fast approval and fund. Great loan!"
Got myself in a tight squeeze and wasn’t applying for land left and right but since my credit is in rebuilding Sooo you know chances are 45/55 getting approved but RISE gave a chance I can’t thank them enough!!
"Fantastic service, fast accurate and very knowledgeable thanks a lot"
Rise has truly been there for me in the time of my financial needs. I truly do appreciate your prompt funding. Thank You Rise.
The payments are affordable for the amount I received. Not like most payday loans that charge an arm and a leg
"Date of experience: April 30, 2021"
the best quick and easy
Easy fast effective
"The process was very easy, the staff was very helpful. I love the fact that the loan can be paid off early without penalty."
We got the loan and found out that it was mailed to us. we called and requested to cancel the check and issue a direct deposit. On Monday I received the check and called back to see if we should change it. we cannot get any info on the loan or the check
I'm just grateful for you guys. I was able to pay my rent
Thank u so much for helping in this time of needs
"I honestly did not think I’ll be approved for a loan over the phone (online) technically. I got approved and I was honestly a shocked. I’m just trying to make it until taxes because this year obviously messed up for everyone and they were the only ones That would do that for me. I appreciate this so much then they would probably even know. yeah it’s a loan you got a pay that back but at the end of the day if it helps you and if you need it in that moment, why not?"
"Extremely easy loan with a crappy credit score... helping me pay off my cc and not with an insane interest. I was able to change my payment dates and frequency with ease. Customer service was so pleasant and Easy to work with. If I ever need a loan again or refinance this, I will stick with Rise. I highly recommend this loan company. Thank you so much for all your amazing help and wonderful customer service rep. She was spectacular and made my needs happen with ease."
"Date of experience: March 31, 2021"
"Date of experience: March 25, 2021"
"It only took 5 minutes to approve me...I don't have the best of credit but I'm working hard to rebuild my life. ""Rise"" gave me a chance! I give it ________"
"Date of experience: March 09, 2021"
"Easy and fast, no hassle loan...I didn't have go anywhere or even talk to anyone __. Best part, the payback plan is very reasonable... Thanks Rise__"
"Date of experience: March 04, 2021"
"Date of experience: March 04, 2021"
"The loan process is easy, customer service is good. However, do not I repeat DO NOT go with this option unless it is your absolute last resort, and absolutely do not get any deferments. I received a loan for $3,000 in 2019 and have not paid anything towards my principle in over a year all my payments just keep going to interest only! I am looking to pay off this loan shortly and after already paying close to $5,000 I will still have to pay over $3,000 to pay it off. This is a an extremely expensive option. For anyone already struggling financially take it from me, this loan will bleed you dry without you even noticing until you actually look back at what you’ve paid versus what you’ve received."
"Great service,and it’s easy to apply.
Just the monthly payment is too high."
Excellent!! Efficient
"Is just what it is, no greatest thing ever due to high interest but every thing is clear.No traps or hidden things.Easy and fast.if you are in need you get help .
I have had about 6 or 7 loans and never a problems and the only time spoke with costumer services was it was very good."
I liked the fact that it only took a few minutes. And in a couple days I had my loan.
"WHAT A BUNCH OF THIEVES!!!!! My daughter has 2 babies with health issues. Instead of asking us for help, RISE got their cheating hands on her and she is paying 299% interest. She can not get out from under this loan from HELL. They offered her skip payments during Covid and charged her Daily Compounded late fees. I am reporting them to the State Department of Finance. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!"
"I would give Rise and their Team 10 Stars.Loan processed quickly and correctly Help when I needed it.
Thank You so much Rise.

Sincerely,

Morris Scoles"
"Date of experience: February 21, 2021"
I give this company high regards in making a customer have zero questions! Such a simple and easy process!
Always a good experience
"It was easy to apply ,there was fast response, the final paperwork was simple the deposit was quick .Overall it was the best experience I have had when borrowing money"
Rise is a good company to get money fast when you need it!
The only issue I had was the application process got stuck in a loop. I ended up having to cancel the original application and begin a new one. That went thru with no problems and my loan was approved in minutes. Thank you
"Great service! I got approved when others denied me, and the rates were very affordable (: thanks Rise!"
I got approved for a $3000 loan... last year in January of 2020...since I received the loan... I haven’t missed a payment... I’m now finding out that my balance is $2477... after paying for over an year!... Only $66 of my$160.30 payment is going towards the actual balance!...and the other $90... is going towards INTEREST!... this is outrageous!... at this point... Rise Credit will be getting over $9000 from me if I pay until the last payment is paid.... I will never do this stupid stuff again... they are a whole rip off !... they say they are helping you... but are really helping their own pockets!.... I would not refer anyone to do this...It’s really not worth it at all...borrowed $3000... pay back ..$9000... makes no sense !...
They have been very helpful to me. I would highly recommend them to anyone
I started the loan during rough times and used it a few times. I was on track to pay off the last loan. My last payment should have been withdrawn and I thought it would be over. Little did I know they didn’t take the money and started taking only 1.36 each check which was twice a month. I didn’t realize as I was sick and before I knew it they dinged my credit as being 30 days past due and that was after I went in and paid it off. I will never recommend or use this again. So they helped my rebuild and then dinged it unnecessarily. Very disappointed.
"Always there when I need them! And if I run into any issues paying them back, they work with me on that as well!!!! Thank you members of Rise!"
So quick and easy! Rates are pretty decent too.
"Date of experience: January 28, 2021"
"I definitely needed help with rebuilding my credit and RISE just happened to send me a letter. Not knowing what it was really for or how it worked, everything was very well explained to a tee. I recieved the credit help payment and used it towards my credit cards and after a week, had already had a 13 point credit boost! Now that I have gotten the help I need, I can finally relax and allow the rebuilding process do its thing with the help of RISE!"
I applied for a loan because I was having issues with some medical bills due to an emergency. The interest rate is super crazy high. I understand credit limit is based on credit score but the interest is ridiculous. If didn't have such bad credit then i would never applied but i needed the money. Im grateful that I could of borrowed the money but i would never do it again.
"DONT DO IT YOU WILL GET TRAPPED TO PAY OFF A HIGH INTEREST LOAN______
Got a loan and been paying it off for 9 months and my balance has gone down a total of $300! Up until this point I’ve paid off half of the actual loan and Im basically still at the starting line. If you’re desperate just make an educated decision and do your research! Don’t jump at the first loan service that qualifies you. BE AWARE"
"Date of experience: January 22, 2021"
I was in a financial desperate need and I needed money right away. Rise showed up at just the right time and I received the funds in my account the next day. Super easy to apply and next day funds. Plus the payments are affordable. Rise is a life saver. I highly recommend Rise.
It is the easiest loan app ever been offered before and it tells you right up front what you were going to pay every two weeks next day your money is in you guys are awesome always come to the rescue thank you so much
You've been when I needed you most I'll be paying you off early thank you so much !
"The interest rate is absurd which will always classify this as a desperate decision, not a wise one.... It's the kind of moral trap that people burn in hell for setting.... But you already know that don't you?"
"Date of experience: January 15, 2021"
"People were prepared for questions, professional, quite detailed and courteous."
Easy application and quick response. Experience was easy.
The process was easy and received my loan exactly when they said I would. Thank you RISE credit.
The Rise process was really good and very straight forward.
"Date of experience: December 31, 2020"
Very fast and very friendly when making autopay setup for my payments.
So glad I got an offer in the mail had tried different places but no one would help. I did it during the week of Christmas and it was still quick. So thanks rise credit for helping me.
"Very pleasant loan process, competitive rates and easy repayment plans. Also had few questions and had to speak with a customer service associate and that went equally pleasant. Overall I am happy and would recommend Rise."
"Date of experience: December 28, 2020"
I really was falling behind with this covid and didn't think we would have Christmas and thanks to Rise I'm leaving 2020 with a great feeling. Thank you.
"Date of experience: December 23, 2020"
"From the beginning Rise customer service was excellent! It wasn’t intimidating at all, every single representative I reached was so nice and helpful. They didn’t make me feel like I was just a number and made the process extremely fast and easy! The communication was phenomenal. The day I had to verify all my info to get me money the representative walked through the process step by step with the patience to wait through it all and listen/answered every single question I had. I did not feel stupid asking what I needed to, she was willing to explain it all. My experience was great."
Easy process and hope to get more loans in near future!
Thank you for a chance to rebuild....process was great and sometimes it's knowing you have a chance of a lifetime. The service so far has been smooth.
Applying for a loan at Rise was easy and so simple. I thank the entire Rise team for making my experience so stress free.
"Quick response and great customer service, my kids will have a wonderful Christmas! Thanks again rise!"
"The process was quick and easy to use. The interest is high, but that is normal for these type of loans for people with less than stellar credit scores. I'm just coming to my first payment, but my rating based on the process so far is a 5 star!"
The process was fast in which I received the funds the next business day. Although the first payment is due two weeks from receiving the funds. I expected my first payment due at exactly one month after receiving the funds Thank you. Great service and the opportunity to build my credit.
Getting the loan was quick and easy money was in my account the next day!! I got to choose the payment amount that worked for me and everything went smoothly. Thank you!! Really helped me out when I met hard times.
"Efficient, easy, and fast approval."
"I don’t know about anyone else’s situations, but this work great for me. No problems with applying and funds were there the next morning in my account. I’m fine with the the payments, also the interest and was well aware of what I was getting into. Everyone situations and everyone finances are different, meaning we should read every detail of any loans or pre-approvals before applying. Fine prints are important to read and I took the time to read and understood everything before I applied and agreed to the terms."
"Rise credit unlawfully submitted a 30day late credit reporting in Sep 2020. After paying off four loans ( 2017, 2018, 2019 & 2020) with this company, Yes, having paid off nearly $13,000 in multiple loans and paying high-interest rates this company neglected communication via email. There will be a legal petition for this institution in 2021."
"Thank you Rise , ____ Truly helpful in a time of need ."
"This was the easiest process to secure a loan. I did the process all online and was approved, the next day I had the money! The payments are easy to meet and automatically taken from my account so I don't have to worry about it. If you're looking for a loan with easy payments, Rise is the way to go!"
Thank you for the help when I needed it you folks were fast and easy to work with
Nice friendly and helpful
Rise is a good way to go when you need help. They get it done!
Awesome QUICK response
Wish u guys would explain the payments better before lisns are done
My experience with Rise was great! The process is easy and Amy questions I had the representative was helpful and informative. I definitely recommend using Rise!
"Date of experience: November 23, 2020"
"Great installment loan option with an easy application process however the payback interest rate is a little high but glad there are once a moment repayment term with the option to pay it off without any interest, penalties or fees."
The application process wasn’t long at all & it took only two days to process before the money was in my account! They also help break down your payments which is a huge help!
I wish I would of got loan for 1500 instead of 1200
"Easie peesie
Thanx so much"
Fast money in one day.
Money was guaranteed in my account and it was! I just hope I can pay the bi weekly payments because the reason I got the loan was for financial struggles but $243 bi weekly is ridiculous I could understand monthly . But it is still a blessing.
"This is the worst loan service ever!!!! They don’t completely explain the terms AT ALL!!! I got a loan with them in January 2020. On my second payment in February of $277.77 of a loan I received for $3000 for hard times, I realized that barely $10 was going towards the interest!!! I said to myself this is insane!!! I continued a ON TIME payment of $277.77 for the month of March. In April I received stimulus money and decided to take that and pay it off. I called a customer service representative who told me my balance on the loan was $2685.97. I paid it and the next day received an email that my account had been paid off! A few days later, they retracted and said I need to pay my payment for 277.77 for April. What in the entire HECK! I have paid off using all of my stimulus money, I have given a total of $3519.28 for a $3000 loan I took out 3months ago. Now they said I owe $368.00 more after paying them off and have completely ruined my credit over it! Please do not do business with these people! Please!!!"
"Date of experience: November 13, 2020"
Thanks so much it saved me in tough times
My experience with RISE Credit was very efficient. Everyone I spoke or worked with was very courteous and knowledgeable. I would recommend RISE Credit to my family and friends in case of an emergency
"I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to obtain a loan from this company
The money was deposited into my account the next day! Thank you so much."
Loved the ease of applying for this loan!
Great! Easy application process and fast approval!
I’ve been very satisfied with this company . Especially during this pandemic! I do hate how high my my payback amounts are twice a month. But it’s ok because other companies charge wayyyy more! And they loaned me a lot more than I thought I would get. But when I say they have been so wonderful with the COVID relief! They have deferred my payments several times. A lot of loan companies are not doing anything or very little. My loan twice a month payments with them are the highest of my things I’m catching up on. So it’s definitely a relief that they are helping out so much. That says a lot about a company ! I’ve never missed a payment so I haven’t had any other issues I see other people complaining about. I will definitely work with this company in the future. Their customer service has always been great for me!
I would give them zero stars but that was not an option. They r there when u need them like a shark in the water I have paid almost 3k back to them yet my borrowed Amount of 3500 is now 3900 interest them claim and only four more payments and then it will go to the principal run as fast as you can from them. They will ruin your life. I have already reached out to them and they said sorry it is what it is.
"These people are awful. They are an extremely predatory payday loan service that will absolutely screw you over. It's not just insane rates. They go out of their way to make sure that something goes wrong with your payments so that they can add even more interest. I don't know how the employees of this company sleep at night. The world would be a far better place if, tomorrow, they had all simply vanished.

UPDATE They responded below and my opinion has not changed in the slightest. These people are parasites. Beware. They are also manufactuaring fake TrustPilot reviews. Take a look at the other reviews written by almost everyone who has something positive to say. They don't begin to pass the smell test."
The best lending company insofar as i am concerned. Please keep up the good work!
"It’s a shame and should be illegal. I saw the interest rate on these loans, it’s insane. I don’t care what debt you’re in, you could never come out on top. Paying triple the money back. MoneyLion is a good company to build credit and borrow instant cash. When I saw the interest rate, and all the reviews where people literally thought this was appropriate to do, less knowledgeable individuals. If people are struggling and trying to establish a better route, why would they choose this company? The owners should be charge and a class act should be indicted on them. Skimming on poverty individuals, less knowledge folks to build business is not rightful. I read the last reviews and I promise you immediately I change my hold plan..."
"I’m so sick of Rise Credit! I took out a loan back in dec of 2019 with an insane interest rate around 218%! I tried canceling initially right after I accepted since there’s a 5 day grace period, but they wouldn’t cancel. I called to find out what was going on and they claimed they never received the email to cancel and it was too late. At that point, hundreds in interest had already accrued. They eventually came back saying the found the email which was annoying.

Fast forward to this year, my hours were cut like a lot of people so I had to extended the payment date a few times which didn’t help me at all because the balance jumped up to an unmanageable amount.

Since I wasn’t late on the loan, they wouldn’t work out a settlement with me and the balance kept going up and up. They finally decided to work out a settlement (still not a reasonable offer they gave) and I ended up agreeing just because I wanted it to be over with. I paid the settlement in full on the day agreed, and they took forever to update the account. The loan still kept accruing interest after the settlement payment was made and they wouldn’t update anything.

They finally updated it but a few days after they did, they reported me as 30-60 days late to the credit bureaus!!!!!!!!!! The reason I had such an issue getting them to offer a settlement was because I WASNT late or past due from what they kept telling me! So how do they report me as late after we agreed to settle on a specific date and the payment was made when we agreed!?!?!?!?! They told me multiple times I couldn’t pay before the settlement date after we generated the paperwork because any payment I made at that point would not go towards the settlement.

They are frauds and they just want to scam people out of their money. I’ve already grossly overpaid them if I add up all of the monthly payments I made along with the settlement, now they’re trying to report me as late and they increased the balance due to a crazy amount because they continued to accrue interest after we had agreed to a settlement amount AND after I made the payment!

They have no compassion on anyone during this time. The company is simply worried about money and that’s it. If I’m not working like I was before all of this started and I’m struggling to survive, how can you expect customers to be able to make payments with such high interest rates?? To not even lower the payment amount it interest rates during this time is disgusting! The money I wasted paying this billion dollar company interest could really help during these difficult times.

I just don’t understand how the interest rates offered are even legal. They actually aren’t in CA anymore and Rise won’t don’t anything to help out.

This company is sick and please don’t wast your time with these types of places!!!!!

I’m currently looking into starting a class action suit in CA!"
This is a fake company that uses a machine to determine. How can someone make enough money to pay the loan off but when they go to refinance they don't make enough because a machine does that and the supervisor can't even explain
I love Rise Credit for the low pqayments they help you
It's was easy to apply and got a response the very same day and my money within 3 days!!! Great experience!! Thank you!?
I had a small emergency and needed a loan. It was quick and easy.
"Date of experience: August 17, 2020"
"Was quickly approve and had my money the next day. The only thing that is not good is the high fees added. Overall, I would recommend them to others, because the process was easy."
They were here to help me in a time of need. Thank you
Thanks so much for the loan__
Simple process. Painstakingly easy. I have already paid off one loan and am reapplying for the next. Excellent way to build credit history and the payments are fair.
Getting the loan was simple and they let me pick an amount I liked. Did it all over the internet without the need to play phone tag. So far a great experience.
"Sure it reaches your bank account very fast but unless you plan to pay it off within the next month, it’s not worth it. I kept this account open to try to build my credit up and eventually get a lower APR. You will find that they will say, “the system is automatic and you will receive an email when you’ve been accepted for a lower APR” I’ve been with them for over year now... a $1500 loan I’ve paid $9000 and no Lower APR. It’s disgusting and quite disappointed in just the overall experience. They definitely prey on people looking for a quick fix but you’re better off just working to save up than this quick “solution” you’ll pay for months to come. I’ve sent an email so don’t even try to respond to this like you’re interested because you do not actually care about your customers"
"Quick and easy approval! That's the only good thing about RISE Credit. My pay got cut in half due to less hours available to work. There was no warning whatsoever so this took me completely by surprise (October 2019). I immediately reached out to RISE to inform them of my sudden change in income and I would need a different payment arrangement. I made all my payments on time and in full and was in good standing so I thought they’d show some empathy. Maybe say ""Sure, let’s see how we can help!"" But they would not work with me on my payments for the final 3 months I had left. I'll never take out a loan with them again. The customer service rep was not friendly and just didn't care.

I finally got around to making a payment. After I made the payment, they sold my account to collections. I'll never be a customer of theirs again.

Update to their reply:
You showed no empathy to a loyal customer who always paid on time. Your reply is generic and unhelpful. It’s all about money and NOT your customers. I continue to be disappointed by customer service."
"I took a loan from RISE Finwise after receiving numerous invites from them and reading good reviews about their loans and terms. I was informed that I would be able to pay early and reduce interest, No True!! I've been paying capital with my regular payments but have not received any reduction of interests, my balance stay the same. Believe me, do your homework, there's more convenient ways to borrow, this is the most expensive of all."
"Ok interest rates are at 148% which means for a 2500 dollar loan you pay 5,400 back. They charge interest dailey which means you make your payment on Friday interest starts at like 9 dollars a day. It is very very expensive My opinion is to very very careful.. It will cost so much more than other option"
"Date of experience: April 13, 2020"
"Do not increase your loan after your first loan with this company. The Interest rate is Triple times 2. $4500 loan turned into $11,215.18 debt. As of today I’ve paid $9336.44 on my $4500 loan and still owe $1878.71. Absolutely Highway Robbery!!!"
"Date of experience: March 31, 2020"
Great and got my money quick in my accout
"Testimonial videos on the RISE website show middle class people with poor credit scores who take out a RISE loan due to unexpected short term expenses. Get thousands of dollars fast at very high APR (about 135%) and plan to pay early - no pre-payment fees, nice! Sounds okay, better than asking family for a loan for a few months, right? Okay in good economic times, but now the Federal Natural Disaster has been declared, and it's clear many RISE customers need a different payment plan. RISE will not alter anything, sending the same standard ""payment due as you agreed"" email over and over. What felt like a helpful loan now feels predatory. Economy is failing, no income and no way to make progress on principle. Feels hopeless, and RISE suddenly doesn't care."
Fast service. Happy
No other company would consider me. I am grateful.
"Date of experience: March 10, 2020"
Rise Credit is awesome! I needed emergency cash and the process was quick and easy! The money was deposit fast as well.
"The money was in the bank quick, it was fast and easy with easy payment set up. I will be using them again and telling all my friends."
The process was easy and fast. Money was available in my account within 24 hours
I believe it is a great service for short term cash when needed most!!
I receivied all the help i needed to make my decision. That was great
Very good service. Quick and easy.. thanks for the help!!!
"Date of experience: February 10, 2020"
Utter and complete false advertising. These people are just data farmers to get your info and sale it you will not get a loan.
I was really surprised that I had an email requesting payment before my ACH had been deposited. Took 4 days to receive the deposit. Payment was due too soon
"Highly reccomend Rise. When I first got a letter from them I was a little doubtful. I get a lot of letters for loan offers and usually after doing research I shy away. I saw a lot of good feedback and for good reason.
Was in a tough spot and needed money in advance. Took no time to get the money in my bank account.
I was able to then pay it off a few weeks later and not pay too much in interest. Even if I had to use it longer term, the payments were very manageable.
It may be one of the clearest loans I've done. You have all your payments listed and shows the interest you are paying as it builds up so there is no surprises. They are easy to contact and don't just seem like some automated machine.
10/10 would use again."
"Very good program to help people, thanks"
Rise seems to love their customers . They’re very concerned and want to help .
"Date of experience: January 27, 2020"
Great and prompt service. I will definitely recommend Rise to friends. I applied and got the money the next business day
My credit isn’t perfect but isn’t horrible. They approved my quickly in a weekend. Interest is a little high. But this is an emergency loan to help during slow work months. I didn’t even choose the max. I believe this will pay off by adding positive credit to my score. Not sure if early pay off penalties will happen if I pay off early. But I plan to use this company probably one a year. Gave them 4 stars because I have not went through the whole process yet if paying it all back and seeing how well I like them.
"The interest rate is insanely high, BUT these loans are not meant to be carried longer than a couple of months. There is not a prepayment penalty so therefore this tool is what you use to repay the loan ASAP. The funds arrive fast and therefore your payment should be even quicker, it posts right away and calculations happen on their sight right away within 24 hours. Building credit again is quick by using this type of loan after bankruptcy. Thanks Rise for helping me rebuild my life."
"Date of experience: January 23, 2020"
"Simple, fast, and very easy convenient. The choosing of amount and option of monthly payments was awesome. I will definitely choose Rise again."
"I applied and received a loan with rise back in November of 2019. I made all of my payments on time and even paid itf off early to avoid the super high interest. Before paying the loan off, I spoke with a representative and asked if I paid out would I be able to reopen the loan. She advised that once I paid out I just had to wait 24 hours to apply again. I did exactly what she asked and was declined. I called back to ask why I was declined and the second rep I spoke with advised me that the application I filled out was for a ""refinance"" and the system did that in error. She advised to just wait until the next day and the system would allow me to apply for an actual loan again. Of course the next day the system did NOT allow me to apply again. I then called back and spoke with a 3rd rep who advised me that I was declined because of my ""credit score"" and i needed to wait 45 days to apply again. He also advised that I should of just refinanced the loan instead of paying it out, an option i was never offered in the beginning. Personally I would never deal with RISE again but if you do, be very careful and make sure you fully understand how your account works and what options are available to you."
"I took out a loan with Rise back in 2018. It was okay at first until I switched bank accounts told them I was before my due date . I tried to provide them with the new account in which they told me it was too late.Needless to say they tried pulling twice, I received late fees because of this and it fell behind. I made payments to catch up and then they decided to charge off the account. Also, they charged off the account without contacting me or informing me of the account’s status."
Rise gave me a quick and easy installment loan with no hidden cost approved me for $2000 I took seven hundred with 7 monthly payments simple and fast totally nothing like a payday loan were your repaying forever thanks rise
Very fast response and had the cash I needed in 24hrs
They were willing to work with someone with spotty credit and still get the loan i needed. Like how flexible it was that you can adjust the payments to fit your budget
An excellent company to do business with! RISE Credit helped me out tremendously when I was in a bind... You guys rock!!
It was an easy process when we had some unexpected expenses. I’m so grateful
It was very easy to follow the instructions and self explanatory and it didn't take long for them to process funds.
DO NOT GET A LOAN FROM HERE!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU BORROW 2000 JUST TO PAY THEM BACK 6000 IN 12 WEEKS. THIS IS ILLEGAL AND IVE REPORTED THEM TO THE IRS. THIS IS THE BIGGEST SCAM DO NOT BORROW MONEY FROM THEM I PROMISE YOU WILL REGRET IT... I WARNED YOU
Super easy to get a loan. Received my money the next day. Customer service is A+. Definitely recommend RISE.
I needed extra cash for unexpected expenses and Rise helped me with all my needs without the hassel. I will use them again in the future.
Rise is a Great loan company. Interest rate is high but there are NO hidden fees and you are able to manage everything online. They show you the payment schedule so you know exactly when andhow much money you are paying back.
"Please don’t take out a loan from Rise Credit! They are loans sharks and they lie. I signed for a $2,600 loan on 12/17/19 and the interest rate is $282%! I thought I had an emergency expense I needed to pay for, but luckily I ended up no longer needing the money. I emailed Rise on 22nd requesting to cancel the loan because it says on THEIR website that’s you have 5 business days to cancel.

I didn’t receive a response so I called them on Monday late afternoon to verify they had canceled the loan and would rake the money back out of my account. I was told that somehow they never received my message even though I logged into my rise account and contacted them through their site. I received the confirmation message saying someone would respond, but they insist they didn’t receive it.

I told the lady I was speaking with that I’m 10000% positive it said my message went through, and regardless I would still like to cancel because Monday would be the 5th business day so I was still within the 5 day period even if they wanted to lie and say my message wasn’t received.

I was told that yes, it was the 5th business day, but that I missed the cut off tome to cancel!!!! No where on their website does it say there’s a time I have to call to cancel. I could understand if the place was closed, but clearly they weren’t seeing as how I was speaking to someone!! I’m so frustrated because now they are saying I owe $144 dollars in interest for a loan that I didn’t even use and tried to cancel within their grace period.

How in the world do I already owe $144 dollars in interest in 1 weeks time! That’s disgusting and they should be ashamed of themselves. They clearly lied saying they never received the message in order to keep me from canceling the loan just so they could rip me off and take my money.

They also are trying to get around the new California law that was passed and is supposed to be effective 1/1/20 that prevents loan companies from charging more than 36% in interest.

This company isn’t ethical and they will lie to rip you off. Please go anywhere else but here, it’s absolutely not worth it!!"
This for anyone new. The money is great to loan but be careful they do not have several things in contract that will make you take longer than expected to pay loan off. Example 2500k loan will cost you 9000k. How is this when borrowing they add interest already but charge daily interest as well depending on the state. My payment plan they will get there interest first and only after the first year.so if you pay 225 every two weeks they add 16.44 every day which equals 115 each week before you even make the first payment. As they responded to you review you will see how they advised me before hand and try to make it sound as if they did please note I'm not unhappy I decided to take the offer but they will respond like this. Dont sit there and respond to something I spoke the truth on. Also the customer service spoke with me and advised me that it was not in the contract but the additional interest is was the lender adds to you depending on the loan you applied for. Again nothing wrong with the loan but when you borrow be careful.
"Date of experience: December 19, 2019"
No! they will not help you and no you will never get approve no need to waste your time.
"Date of experience: December 16, 2019"
"Easy approval, money in my account the next day."
Rise was on time and did everything to make things easy and smooth
Easy to work with __When RISE CREDIT says your money will be in the next day its there. Thanks RISE CREDIT!!!
I was satisfied with Rise. It was simple to apply and the response was immediate and after I received a response I received the loan in 2 days.
Very pleasant experience. I obtained assistance and worker was very patient and guided me through the entire process. I wouldn't have been able to complete the process without her assistance.
This was quick and fast. Great positive experience
RISE was quick and easy. No problems and money was deposited when promised. Thank you so much!
"Good experience,wasn't judged,they was there for me as a person not as a number I would recommend them to anyone who's trying to get on there feet."
"Date of experience: December 03, 2019"
Website was very hard to navigate.. And i can't alter my payment date to my payday
It was very Fast and Easy to apply. Not too much difficult Questions to answer. Very professional Business. I would recommend it to anyone. Rise Credit keep up the Great Work.
"Excellent service, fast and easy to apply"
"Good job, thanks so much, staff was very helpful -"
The service was fast the loan rate was too high. I just really needed the money so I couldn’t pass it up.
I was able to get rid of some debt. And had a little bit left to pay some bills and Christmas shopping. A really appreciate the rise team.
Thank you for the opportunity to consolidate my debt!
Prompt service. You did everything As Advertised !! Quick deposit with no hassle or BS !!!! Thank you
"Rise sincerely helped Me out when I needed the chance to breath. They were quick when I needed the funds. Money was there when they said it would be. I’m glad for the opportunity they gave me, now it’s my turn to show them how faithful and grateful I am. Thanks Rise!"
"Date of experience: November 27, 2019"
"Very good experience thus far with Rise, looking forward to continuing my business with your team. Thank you!"
"Date of experience: November 26, 2019"
This helped me so much ! Happy they approved me !
"Experience was very smooth! It took no time to walk through the process. Really appreciate your service!

Thank you!

Terk"
Excellent. Fast application and funding.
It was fast and convenient very efficient took a lot of anxiety out of the process
"Date of experience: November 22, 2019"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2019"
"Good experience, easy process to complete application and set up repayment. Decent rates and terms for this kind if loan."
"So far so good,I could use a higher cash limit to really pay some things off"
"Date of experience: November 19, 2019"
"Extremely non hassle transactions and deposited within a matter of 2 days. Very friendly user website. It is costly, so be sure to get what you need and more so, what you can afford because Rise will give it to you."
It was very easy and they whole experience was very pleasant. Sometimes when you are in this position that you have to borrow money other places make you feel undeserving of help. This place was very nice and helpful through the whole process.
"Very fast easy process, one of the most convenient loans I’ve done online."
"Date of experience: November 18, 2019"
"Date of experience: November 18, 2019"
"Date of experience: November 17, 2019"
Application process really easy and I got the money right away. Thank you so much for your great service.
"Friendly, fast, professional. Thanks"
"My husband is in the union and winter came early this year so we ran a bit short on cash. Rise gave me an opportunity to borrow in the short term until he could secure more work. The interest is very high, but it is better than not being able to pay our bills. The application process took 10 minutes and the money was in my account within 2 days. I will be paying this loan back early as to avoid a huge interest payment."
"Date of experience: November 14, 2019"
"The process is quick and simple. It is very convenient and the program is a great resource for when you have an unexpected expense. The fee is a little high, but the convenience and simplicity is worth it."
Amazing response time during a real emergency! Thank you Rise!
"The process was seamless! It was not complicated at all. I didn't need to wait for any ""underwriters"" it was quick and easy and I was kept up to date on the status of everything via my online account access. The entire process from start to finish of the application and decision process was literally minutes. I was funded right away.

I would give them an A++++++++++++++"
"Easy, fast and honest loan company"
I’m very happy and very appreciate this company is real and honest i applied today and my money on the business day
The process was easy and the customer service was excellent
"Date of experience: November 11, 2019"
"Very fast, reliable and excellent. This came in handy when needed."
"Date of experience: November 08, 2019"
Thank you for help me in such an great help with this loan.
"Was easy to apply, they were prompt to respond. I was a little confused as to the documents that were needed in the beginning, but the process was very responsive."
Rise Credit was there when I needed them. I'm glad I found them! :)
Very fast! I also felt comfortable and secure submitting information and every detail was explained clearly. Rapid response!!!! Thank you!!!
Everything is good except the apr the interest is ridiculous....24.99% too much
"I honestly was a bit skeptical about this program at first. After trying it, I found the process to be easy, fast, hassle free, and 100% legit. Everything is not meant for everyone so read carefully and decide what loan options are best for you."
Was an easy hassle free application process. Money was deposited quickly and my account set up for payments.
Rise was there when I needed them! They gave me a $500 loan and it was in my account fast!
"Date of experience: November 04, 2019"
I received the amount requested with terrific service
"I was/am very pleased.
I needed assistance and Rise was able help at my time of need.
I will recommend Rise to others"
"Fast service, easy to work with, friendly and courteous. I needed help fast, and I got it. Thanxx RISE!"
Very easy. The application was straight forward and the money was in my account as promised.
"Easy as advertised....
Thanks"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2019"
This is my third time trying with Rise but I did get approved this time. The process was easy and I got an answer within a few minutes.
Try it you'll love it. Hassle free and fast.
"Fast, simple and convenient."
"Date of experience: October 29, 2019"
Thank you for the loan. It helped me out a lot!
"Date of experience: October 28, 2019"
Thank you so much for responding back to me so fast! Y’all are a blessing to me didn’t realize that I needed knee surgery until last min and my part of bill was highly buy thanks to y’all to the rescue me.
"Date of experience: October 26, 2019"
Very Easy and fast Process and wonderful customer service!! Rise came through in my time of need Thank You so much
The entire process was quick and user friendly. Plus they provide good tools for money management.
Easy online process
"Date of experience: October 22, 2019"
Found myself needing quick cash in the middle of an out-of-state move. Easy to apply and the money was in my bank account the next morning. Rise helped me when I needed it. Thanks!
It was easy to apply for the loan and the disbursement of the funds was very simple.
Helped me get back right in track with saving and paying of those credit cards
"Rise, was an awesome decision, I needed the money fast and they provided exactly what I needed with more than 1 option to pay it back as well!

Thanks a lot :)"
"I had a good experience the first time it was fast funding I got my money the next day.. I made 4 on time pymts.. then paid off My balance early 3 months early.,thinking I was going to get and increase., but no I got declined and they can’t tell me the reason.. I was so sick because I used my money thinking I was going to get more and didn’t get nothing.. I was pleased with them at first but not happy now.. they offer for me to refinance I didn’t refinance I pay all off and then they decline when I applied again.. I’m heated ____"
"Well the most you are going to get is 500, because they do care about your credit score, so unles your credit score is 545 ans above, dont even bother."
"I cannot express in words the happiness you have given us...your application process was quick & easy, the funding was quick and the website is clear and simple to understand.

We expect to pay this account back within 30 - 45 days as we will be selling our home and purchasing a new home.

Thank you RISE for assisting our family...I will always utilize your services in the future when needed!"
Thank you so much!! You guys save me the headache!!__
"From the time I started my application, I was funded within 48 hours, unbelievable, thanks!"
"It was easy to apply, just all my information and got my money fast"
"Date of experience: October 16, 2019"
"Date of experience: October 16, 2019"
"Date of experience: October 15, 2019"
You was easy to work with and you help me out a lot and for that I thank you and give you a5 star rating:
It's comforting to know that there is a place that i can count on when an emergency happens in life...thank you RISE!
They were fast to approve me for my loan even though i wasnt approved for the amount i applied for.. Got the money the next morning in my bank account.
"Fast, easy, and the terms are better than most loan establishments."
"Date of experience: October 14, 2019"
"Date of experience: October 14, 2019"
"RISE' help was instant and timely. It was one of a kind of experience, did not take much time to approve. I felt very comfortable with the process, you need to give out some basic information and that's it. Very simple."
It was quick and to the point. That's what I liked
Helped me when I had no other option.
"rec'd the fund in notime i happy, now just need to pay back."
It took longer for the loan to process than I expected. I was asked repeatedly to send my information .
Thank you! It helped me when I most needed it. Fast and stressful free____
"So far, so good"
So easy and fast!! Thank you so much!!
RISE was there when I needed them most. It was a quick application process and the money was there the next day.
Worked quickly in my favor and delivered superb customer service!
"Date of experience: October 04, 2019"
"Date of experience: October 04, 2019"
"Date of experience: October 04, 2019"
"Date of experience: October 04, 2019"
Quick response and great communication . I like em a lot ! I give em __
"This was the best interaction I have had getting a loan. It was very easy and fast! I was so surprised when the money was deposited into my account because I didn’t have to go through a hassle to get approved! Also you saved me from a drastic circumstance, Thank you Rise!"
"If you need an emergency loan, RISE will help you."
No hassle. Money came the next day
"Date of experience: October 03, 2019"
"It was fast and easy, wish it was at a better rate but I’m happy with the fast service."
Had to stop a payment and they took it anyway. Cost me $36.00 after I asked them to stop it and I received an email stating they stopped it. They refuse to look into it and pay for the overdraft fee. My contract stated what date it was to be drafted on. Sent the email to them that they sent me twice and Fernando said he didn’t know why I got it even though I did ask to have it stopped. He refused to look further into it other than a call I made earlier in the day before I called to stop the payment. Will NOT recommend them.
"You guys were quick I like the response I got back quickly each and everyone does a fantastic job
well done"
Great people to work with and will be doing future loans when needed
Made it easy and convenient to request and make payments thank you RISE
I'm very happy with service and customer service thank you
"It is easy to get a loan from Rise but you don't know the amount of money you have to repay, until the end. I think it would be a bit better to be noted before you sign the document."
They sold my account to a collections agency after I missed a payment due to identity theft. tried to make it up next month but was told it had gone to collections so the same treatment as Great Plains Lending
"Thanks to Rise for helping me at a time when I really needed help fast decision in second no waiting for days money in my account exactly when they said it would be
Thanks Rise"
"Date of experience: September 27, 2019"
They have denied me a couple of times and I definitely meet the qualifications x2. Odd and untrustworthy to me.
Was approved right away and monies was as promised
"Helpful for the emergency, however the interest/fee is extremely which makes it pointless to borrow being that you have to pay so much more in the end."
"Rise was very upfront on my loan process. What I was able to borrow, and what was necessary of myself in order to qualify. My money was sent at the promised time as well!"
I think rise is great because not only am I feeling confident that someone believes me but there is trust established. there isn't any humiliation of being turned down and the process is fast and simple. However the interest rates are a bit to high but when you have no where to turn there's no option
I was completely happy with how fast the process was!
"Date of experience: September 24, 2019"
They gave me credit when I really needed the loan.
I believe that your interest rates are outrageous.
Great process...easy to apply...no drama!
Getting The Loan was No Problem. Interest to high regret even getting it .
"It's really too soon to know how I feel about Rise.. However, good so far."
Thanks RISE for the quick response
"I know this will sound unbelievable coming from an online personal loan customer, but they are really kind—and for once, I feel like they care."
Thank you for the loan! It came on a right time!
Paid over 2000 dollars in interest on a 3000 dollar loan. Nothing was applied to the principal. Still had to pay it off at 3100 dollars. Customer Service team was rude and unhelpful. I cant dispute it either so they get to get away with it.
"Fast, easy, communicative. There when you need them!"
The process was very easy. This loan allows me to take care of some much need very expensive car repairs. I would not have been able to handle this emergency without this loan. Thank you very much!
"The money was available the day after, which is great! The loan is not the most inexpensive, so think hard before you accept, but it was the help I needed and the easiest to obtain."
"Date of experience: September 18, 2019"
I was so happy I was helped with a very much needed loan
"Date of experience: September 17, 2019"
Very well mannered customer service! And very on time ! I loved the experience. I’d definitely recommend Rise !
Because I couldn’t get a loan no where else and they take a chance with me and gave me one and I’m so happy with them
"No hassle, no hidden fees."
"After applying several times, Iwas finally approved. The agent was very professional and patient while explaining this to me over the phone."
It was fast and easy ill use them again for sure
"The process was simply, no hassle. Email were sent throughout the process, next business day, which for me was a Monday, because I started the process in a Friday, deposit that there before lunch time."
They made there process very easy and confortable..ive dealt with others who make thos process a nitemare!! Rise makes it as convenient and makes you feel as comfortable as they can thru your whole process where most people are already goin thru stress to get to this point the last thing a lender has to do is make things even tougher! Rise makes it very comfortable an your confident they truly are here to assist you thru a tough time!!!
"Date of experience: September 12, 2019"
"Super easy to apply, approved within mintues, deposit in bank immediately the next business day.Thank you so much for the opportunity!"
"Date of experience: September 10, 2019"
The process was easy and simple. The rates were fair for my credit circumstances.
It was a very simple and short process to apply for the loan I wanted.
"Date of experience: September 05, 2019"
"I was really in a hard place, and they helped me"
Simple and easy - on top of any questions and additional information I needed
"Date of experience: September 05, 2019"
"Date of experience: September 05, 2019"
"Great service, fast response. Would definitely reccomend to others."
"Date of experience: September 05, 2019"
"Applied for my loan and still have not received funding. Contacted Rise and they basically said I’ll have to wait for the bank to return the loan as it had the incorrect account number, then go through the process again. Kind of defeats the purpose of a loan when it’s not received in the time you were expecting."
Very nice and was honest with me when I needed money in this emergency. You don’t know how I appreciate it so much. I was so stressed over what to do and you all came threw for me and helped. Very easy and very patient employees to help me. Thank you so very much
Excellent & quick customer service. Highly recommended and very satisfied!
I’m so grateful I got loan ..it was easy and fast ... thanks
"very upfront with payments, no run around. payments are affordable."
It took to long to get the money but it did help if you can get the money the same day would be better
"Date of experience: September 02, 2019"
"RISE has definitely risen to the occasion for me. Although I feel worth a little more they have still given me a chance. Surely after this simple test I will be deemed worthy of more if I so chose.. Stay tuned! Thanks Rise.

Oh yeah, the People need cheaper interest rates tho. You kinda gettin' me on that fr fr. But, still, thanks anyways!"
"Date of experience: September 01, 2019"
"I had a wonderful experience,I would do it again."
"Date of experience: August 30, 2019"
"Date of experience: August 30, 2019"
Awesome service will definitely be used this service again
It is so easy to apply for funds & to tequest more funds. It is very user-friendly.
I appreciate the loan that I received from RISE and I understand my credit score was not the best but having an interest rate of 236% is way to much. My goal is to pay on time so that I can get another loan to pay this one off and get a better interest rate. My total payment when I am done is almost 8500.00.
"Date of experience: August 29, 2019"
Very easy to get through their application process and there with you every step of the way. I really really appreciate what they've helped me do in terms of financial security with their loan.
Very efficient and fast loan application process.
Pretty good so far. You don’t have to go through a lot to get the loan
The application was easy and I'm on my way to help my credit score Thank you
Live representatives to assist you through the process and timely response. Great servicrs.
Needed some cash for emergency. Rise was there for me. Application process quick and easy and had cash in bank next day. Would recommend to anyone. Thanks Rise!
"Date of experience: August 27, 2019"
So far so Great! I am truly grateful for the opportunity to help my mother with her finances. Forever Grateful!
Fast and easy approval process.
"Date of experience: August 26, 2019"
Rise was easy to apply for and questions were answered simply.
I had a very good experience. No pressure and the people were very friendly.
Rise has been great and quick to approve for a loan. Thank you so much for your help.
"Date of experience: August 23, 2019"
It is easy to apply and you get a response very quickly. Rise came through for me and it didn't take long at all.
It is easy to get money that you need and it is fast to get approved.
At this point in time I am very pleased and appreciative of raise They really helped me and my family out with this loan thank you all so very much for your kind and courteous acts keep up the good work.
"Date of experience: August 22, 2019"
"Date of experience: August 22, 2019"
"I was a little skeptical about Rise at first, but I went for it and I'm pleased to say, they came through for me. And the best thing is, they give you time to repay your loan, thumbs up you guys!"
Rise is great. The application process was quick and easy. And I was approved within one hour. I recommend Rise to anyone going financial hardship.
"Before applying I read the reviews and thought this would be a great experience. This is the second time I applied after pre approval. I turned in all documents both times and got declined for a reason my bank can’t be verified. I sent the required bank statement. I was told I had a negative balance. I did not have a negative balance per my visit to my branch and my account was in good standing. So I don’t understand.

I am very saddened to experience this up hill battle twice. My opinion, this experience tells me a lot about a company. If you need help you won’t get it here.

I hope no one else has to experience this communication failure.

Respectfully,"
Very smooth process and you get you money quick.
"They were great with me, honest and straight to the point."
"Thought it was too good to be true. Applying was way too easy. Finalized application and approved for $3k in about 10 minutes. Got what I needed and was saved from losing my apartment after getting hit with dental surgery that wasn't optional. Had enough left over to get my credit cards back below 30% AND pay off of a small loan I had. Maxed cards out paying bills beforehand and it wrecked my credit to below 600. Credit score will be over 700 soon. Never seen such flexible payments. I get paid bi-weekly, so my paydays are always odd dates. I was able to select that as a payment option. Payments come out the day I get my check, so I can't screw this up. Wow! So impressive! Wish I never dealt with another loan company. I wish my other large loan was with Rise. Will use Rise again and recommend to friends/family. So thankful for this company!!! Thanks, Rise!"
"Rise approved me quickly and I received the money in my bank account the very next day. It was quick, easy, and convenient!"
Thanks so much for the money you loaned me. The process was very easy and prompt response following it.
"Date of experience: August 20, 2019"
Great way to build your credit score rise is perfect if trying to receive a loan thanks a lot
I loved that it was an easy and fast process.
Very helpful and very fast. Very pleased with the results
"Fast, easy, and secure"
Trying to get rid of a bunch of small debt to havr just 1 payment to handle. Thank you!
"Date of experience: August 16, 2019"
"Date of experience: August 16, 2019"
"Honestly, it couldn't have been a more pleasant experience, if that's possible when considering one is taking out a loan.
The whole process was quite simple and easy to complete. I'm thankful for RISE helping our family with this loan and having some faith in us. Extra benefit that it helps our credit w each ACH payment. Thanks RISE!!"
I recommend rise to all.. Overall good experience
Im thankful for the money but there is no say in hell im paying every 2 weeks thats $400 a month
"Date of experience: August 15, 2019"
Very fast got my money exactly when I was told
The process couldn't be easier. I received my money the next day. Great service.
"Date of experience: August 15, 2019"
Very easy convenient and fast love the service Thx alot Rose team
"Date of experience: August 15, 2019"
Absolutely fantastic. I did recommend you guys over and over again.
Blessing just in time thankyou RISE .....for helping me and my family!!!!
"Rise came through for me when I needed it the most!
Thank you very much!"
I was extremely happy it help me get my vehicle repaired i just wish that i did a little more to pay on credit card thank you for making it happen I will be able to sleep better
"Date of experience: August 14, 2019"
Rise was on time and easy to get approved! I apprrciate the great service!Thanks!
"Date of experience: August 14, 2019"
Excellent service! Fast and efficient process for my loan! Customer service has been outstanding!
Rise is amazing I needed money and I got it the next day
Quick and easy!! Great experience :)
I was in a stressful situation and obtaining a loan through RISE was easy and uncomplicated. I was approved and my funds were deposited in a timely manner and I was able to take of my bills and get myself out of a bad situation. Thank you for making my life somewhat less stressful.
"Great experience!!
Very fast from beginning to end!"
Quick and easy.. Been denied through nunerous other sources. RISE was able to pull through when needed. Will continue business with RISE when needed again.
The process was quick and easy. The funds were in my account the next business day!
"Date of experience: August 11, 2019"
VERY HAPPY. I WILL RELOAN AGAIN
I was desperately in need of money for an emergency situation. Before my work day started I received a notification that my money was deposited.... Thanks so much
"Date of experience: August 09, 2019"
Easy process. Great Service. Definitely reccomend for quick funding.
Thank you so much for the loan. Really good customer service and I will for sure return for my next loan with you guys
"Date of experience: August 09, 2019"
Just applied and received loan. So far the experience was quick and easy.
Its the best option I made and they put my money in my account sooo quick. Thanks
So awesome how quick it was and it helped me take care of my debt fast
"I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE PROCESS, AND I AM VERY VERY PLEASED WITH THE INTEREST RATE I WAS GIVEN. I WILL RECOMMEND RISE TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS."
Easy way when you need help in an emergency. Very thankful
"I got approved quick for the amount that I asked for !! Great Service, Highly recommended."
Excellent. I am very satisfied.
I appreciate the loan but I was highly disappointed that based on my salary alone I should have been allowed a higher credit limit. My credit rating and bad decisions I've made in the past have no baring on my ability to pay back the loan.
Getting a loan with Rise was easy!! I applied and had money in bank next day. I was able to pay off some small bills and have a little left to give a cushion. Thank you Rise!!!
"Did everything online, easy to follow"
"Date of experience: August 07, 2019"
"Rise is good if need the money asap, but: It does not give you the opportunity to make the first payment a month after the loan, if it is on your next pay check."
"Date of experience: August 07, 2019"
"Got my debts paid off at a reasonable rate, my credit rating went up, and I no longer worry about WalMart sending a couple of goons to my door."
Very satisfied so far. Easy convenient loan process and helpful reps along the way. Would recommend .
I couldn't believe how fast I got this loan without any complication. I am very satisfied with your services.
"My experience was great, quick and positive results."
The only thing that I was not satisfied with was the loan process.
"Short application and approval process. No calls, and site looks to be convenient for payments. Great experience."
Very nice and easy way to see your payment plans. Thanks rise for helping me
The process was simple. And I was able to combine some misc. small bills into one with a better loan rate.
"DON'T LIKE HOW THE ONLINE IS SET UP.
DON'T GIVE YOU AN OVER ALL BREAK DOWN OF YOUR PAYMENTS OR INTEREST CHARGES.
AND WHEN YOU CALL THEY DON'T KNOW NOTHING AS WELL."
The application process was easy and simple. The loan went through quickly and money was direct deposited. Would recommend to anyone needing some money
Exellent approval rate
"Date of experience: August 02, 2019"
"I was out and down on options when life hit and hit hard. Facing not being able to pay rent and not knowing how I was going to feed my children, I gave RISE a try and what a blessing it was. Thank you doesn't even come close to how grateful I am.

Thank you"
Very quick and fast. Happily surprised!
Great Company And Fast Courtious Service.
Sometimes life gets in the way and Rise Credit saved my day. I knew I wasn’t going to get approved because my credit score is so low and by surprise I WAS APPROVED! Thank you Rise for coming through!
"Date of experience: August 01, 2019"
"Date of experience: August 01, 2019"
"I filled out the application and within a few minutes had been approved
I recieved my funds with in 48 hours"
"Getting the money was a very easy process. The money was deposited in my account the next morning. No problems so far,like the payment plan"
"Totally easy and the best part is that they don’t charge like most place over the 100% interest, I know here it’s high but they still let you borrow money and they don’t harass you like other places, over all I’m happy with my experience."
"Date of experience: July 31, 2019"
"Everything was ok with the exception of having to login Everytime instead of being able to use the back function. I can say that the call center staff are courteous & not pushy, very polite."
"Date of experience: July 31, 2019"
The process is very simple and quick. You know what you signed up for and due to the high interest rate it creates a motivation to better manage your finances. I look forward to being able to pay this back and to continue to use this service as an option when needed.
"Rise Credit was a life saver! From one second to the next I was needing almost $1,000 and I didn’t know what I was going to do. I remembered getting money offers from Rise in the mail in the past few months, so I decided to try them out. I went online and in just a few minutes I was Approved and the funds were in my checking account within 24 hours. Thanks."
"Great experience , I have recommended people to the service."
If your ever in a need or behind on bills just go online RISE Credit and appiy for a loan it’s easy
"Date of experience: July 30, 2019"
Very friendly and professional staff. Would highly recommend Rise Credit.
"It is very easy to get loan from Rise excellent service, i got the loan which i was expected thanks to Rise credit."
Rise credit was fast and approved me quickly. I will definitely come back again when I need help!
They are awesome they helped when I needed it
I recommend this company to anyone in need of cash. The transition was easy and the customer service was excellent.
"Date of experience: July 29, 2019"
"This loan was right on time, thumbs up to Rise"
Was approved just when I needed it very happy with the quick response!
It was so easy & quick. No tons of paperwork just answer a few questions & in a few minutes you have your money.
Very patient and respectful staff money received as stated
"Date of experience: July 26, 2019"
"I would give 0 but that isnt an option. After dealing with sending in all kinds of validations and stuff, they still denied me. They said my checking account couldn't be verified or was in bad standing. My account was in the positive and its been open for several years. It sounds like no one even really checked it."
"Date of experience: July 25, 2019"
Pretty good payment plan I love the flexibility
I am so grateful for RISE Credit. I was at my whits end and Rise came through when no one else would. Thank you so much.
"Everything was fast and easy. Of course you have to pay more back than what you requested. That's the cost of getting a loan. It definitely helped me get ahead with my finances, and now I only have to pay one vendor back. Thanks Rise Credit!!!"
My money was there immediately. Helps a lot!
It was quick and easy and very informative. Very satisfied.
Thank you Rise for giving me a second chance to build my credit score!!
Very Fast process and it improves your credit
"Date of experience: July 22, 2019"
Pretty quick and fast on getting me a loan
The best rates I ever had. I will keep a good relationship with RISE
"Honestly, going with Rise was one of the worst decisions I've ever made! Goto another company, because you can't afford otherwise! This company is not here to help you! If you choose one of these loans, expect to be in debt to this company for a long time. They hit me with a 297% interest rate! I've paid on time for over a year and they will not offer a reduced rate! They use words like ""may"" and ""might"" in their polices so that they trick you into thinking they might go easy on you in the future, but just never happens... They collect a huge profit while you're stuck paying them for years! DO NOT GET A LOAN THROUGH RISE, YOU'LL REGRET IT!"
Very understanding and never thought I would get another chance to show that I'm wanting to get back on track and commit to boosting my credit and getting that trust back from a loan company! Thank you Rise Credit so much!
"Date of experience: July 19, 2019"
They offered me a ridiculous apr percentage that would have me paying more than double the loan amount
Thank you so much for helping me. I am so appreciative of the service and respect you gave me during the process. I cannot thank you enough for your assistance.
"Easy, simple and quick!"
"Date of experience: July 19, 2019"
"I actually think rise gives you oppertunities and most when everyone else turns you down, thanks Rise"
"Really enjoyed the fact that it was quick, simple, and stress free!"
"Very fast service, would recommended to friends"
"I had a great experience with my first RISE loan and was able to pay it back early, within 2 months of accepting the loan. The process was effortless. I received an invitation in the mail, entered my offer code and info and had the funds the next morning.

Unfortunately, my experience in trying to get another loan has been beyond frustrating. I'm left with the feeling that RISE doesn't really want me as a customer or my 150% interest.

The first attempt resulted in my application being closed promptly after providing verification documents with no real explanation why.

The second attempt (started July 9th) resulted in a ""48-business-hour"" review process that turned into 9 days. I called RISE support earlier this week and the rep ignored my questions as to why the process was taking much longer than expected. (I felt like I was talking to a recording.)

Finally yesterday I was advised to log in to the system and review the result of the Review. I was unable to actually access the page the email directed me to view; I was sent instead to complete another application. Confused, I called support yet again and was instructed that I was approved and just needed to fill out the forms again. So I did. Which then resulted in a duplicate loan in the system and re-opening the original loan from July 9th.

Then, I get another email advising me to provide the same documentation (ID, SS card, proof of income) I had already provided before and wait another supposed 48 business hours.

Don't bother emailing support, either. Email support is just as bad as phone support. What does that leave? Not doing business with RISE, I suppose.

Lesson learned: Approved does not actually mean approved, even if a support rep explicitly uses the phrase ""you're approved""."
I had some complications on my end and made things difficult for myself. They’re customer service / customer support were amazing. They were very understanding and helpful. Helped get me a solution. I will continue to refer potential customers there.
"Date of experience: July 18, 2019"
The interest is way too high. You can fund better interest rates if you shop around.
GREAT TO DO BUSINESS WITH. VERY EASY PROCESS
"Date of experience: July 18, 2019"
"My initial experience with Rise was not bad at all. They were very prompt, streamlined the whole process, was able to get everything done in a reasonable amount of time. They claimed to reward returning customers, with offers like better tdd rates and terms. NOT ACCURATE AT ALL. Not only was I not given ANY better rate or term, RISE apparently now has an issue with my bank and after initially approving, waited until the end of the business day to revoke that approval. And, as far as I can tell, the statements about reporting to credit bureaus is false as well, nothing from them on either of the 3. But I bet if I'd defaulted on my loan or been late they'd make sure to report that. Don't buy the line about being different than other companies, they're not."
"It's a no brainer if your are trying to re-establish credit quickly after a bankruptcy. Yes, the interest rate is high, that is to be expected. BUT, the website is easy to use, everything is explained up front; as long as YOU READ all the prompts and disclaimers, customer service is more than accommodating and friendly to speak with. Money was available as expected. Choose the bi-weekly payments in order to save on interest. Fast, easy to use, and professional. What else is there to say..."
Loan process was easy but if you got sidetracked you could easily lose your place. Fast and easy. Interest is high so really try and pay back early.
Excellent Service! Was there when I needed it most. Very quick deposit and easy to navigate site!
"I Joseph Patten, appreciate the opportunity that have given me. Especially on a timely basis when I needed it the most you all was there for me. My brother passed away and I was able to help with his funeral cost thanks to you all "" Rise"" 5 stars Excellent Thank you!"
"Rise lived up to statements of advertisement. application easy and response was instant with financial account. As business, Rise is 5 star grade and appreciated in financial times current status. we need Rise assistance and trust to give financial support to those of needs and trust with success."
"Quick and reasonably easy loan! Gave me flexibility to get through a hard patch, but still allows early payback to avoid interest __"
The interest could be less. People really need a way out that don't trap them worse.
We're quick with there response about the loan and very helpful
It was a great experience would do business again.
"Date of experience: July 15, 2019"
The best. Quick money next day $40000. Surprised me. Wonderful experience
"Date of experience: July 13, 2019"
"what a great experience,they did everything on line,when know one
else can,I mean I did not have to email or go the office to show my
pay stubs or bank statements,they checked everything on line , I got
my funds automatic clearing house in about 24 to 30 hours,that's the
way it should be done. thanks rise credit ."
Everyone was exceptionally nice and knowledgeable made the experience painless
"Yes the pay back is a lot but when you can not get a conventional loan or they want to hold what happened five years ago against you just say ""Thank U "" and go with it. If you get money you know you cant pay back that's wrong on your part. It was an easy process done over the weekend but that Tuesday it was there and I am above ground. Thank U Rise for your Help."
Your organization is so professional you guys really came through for me!!!!!
very fast and hassle free. extremely pleased with the service.
Granted me an opportunity to turn my credit score in the right direction. Thank you!!!
"Very easy to apply
Very quickly money was in my bank
Interest rate was ridiculously high but I was in a bind"
"Date of experience: July 11, 2019"
"I’m very happy, I’m someone with not the greatest credit and although the money is a little expensive I appreciate the fact that I was approved.."
"Easy process , quick response i applied on a Saturday and by Monday am i had the funds I needed to handle my situation. Also easy and affordable pay back options . Thumbs up so far!!!
Thanks RISE CREDIT"
They were very honest and straightforward with their procedure
Great place to borrow from easy and hassle free.
"Date of experience: July 11, 2019"
"Date of experience: July 10, 2019"
"This is the best lending company as far as i am concerned.
Approval was easy. I just love ya?"
Its a fast way to get approved for a loan but the APR% is too high..in my opinion it's just like advance financial flex loan
Post credit updates every 30 days instead of 60 or 90 days
Easy(!)....I needed my funds for a family emergency: crematory services. I received it as they featured it on their website. Thank you.
"Easy procesd;accurate and on time release of funds..,easy follow up on account made simple thru email"
I needed some money really fast to fix my car. I was a bit skeptical with all the fraudulent lending going on. I was sent a pre-approval in the mail and took a chance. The money arrived as promised and the bi-weekly paybacks are affordable.
The process was thorough and user friendly. I felt comfortable and at ease. The process was also self explanatory which made things move smooth and faster. Thank you.
"Date of experience: July 04, 2019"
"They were very efficient, and timely with processing my loan, quick answers to all questions, I’m very happy."
Easy to use! Fast service.
"Date of experience: July 01, 2019"
Service was quick and prompt with no problems.
Rise was there when an unexpected expense arose. Easy application and rapid funding. Awesome!
The loan process was very easy and the funds were deposited into my account the next day!
"Great short term loan and application-quick response-pleasure to deal with. I knew what the interest rate is and was and it was very efficient and what I needed.

Robert L. Bachman"
"I did read the document closely, I thought my interest payment will be 60% not 231%but went you poor and old you get taken advantage, I should not have to pay 10,000 dollar back for 2,500 dollar that what a get for being old and poor."
The customer reps. stay with me for over an hour to get through the process.
My application was approved within minutes. RISE was really there when I needed them.
The process was easy. It does helps those which have less than perfect credit but the annual APR is quite high. Rise does disclose that this is an expensive form of credit. I needed this due to my husband having a stroke and me losing time from work. This loan helped me get over a difficult time.
"My experience with RISE was efficient, easy and quick! Everything was explained, upfront and my easy payment amount put a smile on my face. I would highly recommend their services.

Thanks, RISE!"
My credit was not that great but I was able to borrow what I needed to catch up on my payments and put me back on track.
You guy’s are very professional and also courteous
"It was fast and easy so thank you! I will borrow again if approved. I’m rebuilding my credit so I’m thankful for Rise giving me an opportunity in the rebuilding process!!


Thank you,
Marvin"
Got approved within seconds and the money was there the next day!
When I call for informing on my loan customer service is great in answering all my questions. Very nice people working for your company. Thanks you.