reviewDescription
"My favorite thing about this whole process was the Loan Representative Wendy! She was amazing! We were very unsure about the loan because of previous bad experience with One Main Financial, but she was honest and professional from the beginning and answered all of our questions perfectly and put our minds at ease! Y'all need more reps like her. Because your business depends on it. People will not go into business with Rude untrustworthy employees. Thank you Wendy for all your help!!"
"OneMain's loan process was seamless. A loan for me was not attainable through other institutions but OneMain made it easy and gave me the boost I need to get financially sound. It is a relief to get out from under fees, charges, and minimum payments. I feel like I am actually making headway."
I am a first time car buyer and the entire process and experience was very simple and great. The loan officer I spoke with was patient with the process and he made sure I understood what I was agreeing to before he moved on which in my case was very important. He made sure he was clear in every part as he walked me thru the entire process and I am so grateful so thanks.
My loan rep was super responsive and provided me with a level of service that made me feel like I was her only client even though I know in reality I was far from it. I was surprised at my variety of options having less than good credit.
I've been dealing with One Main Financial for quite some time and I have always been treated with the utmost respect and my recent experience was no different. I visited the Cranford office on 3/14/24 to secure a loan and was met by Michael who exhibited great customer service and patience in helping me to get the required funds needed. I will recommend One Main Financial to my family and friends. Thanks to all involved in getting me the help that I needed.
"The loan process was so uncomplicated, with Amanda walking me through it,
made it easy and quick. The loan was in my account the next morning. It's so hard to find loans on less than perfect credit! Onemain certainly has my future business!"
I had an awesome experience at One Main Financial. I was warmly greeted by Marteena. I didn't have to wait long to be attended to; the process was quick and everything was explained to me. I would recommend One Main Financial for all your financial needs.
"Wow, where do I even begin? The thought of navigating through the process of obtaining a personal loan felt daunting, until I crossed paths with Vanessa at One Main Financial. Suddenly, what I anticipated to be a bureaucratic nightmare turned into a surprisingly smooth journey, thanks to her.

Vanessa wasn’t just a loan advisor; she felt more like a friend guiding me through every step. Her expertise? Absolutely top-tier. But what truly made the experience stand out was her warmth, patience, and genuine care. She took the time to listen to my needs, breaking down the financial jargon into something I could easily grasp, and worked tirelessly to secure a loan that was perfectly tailored to my situation.

Thanks to Vanessa and the team at One Main Financial, I’m not just closer to achieving my financial goals; I’ve gained invaluable insights and a sense of confidence about my financial future.
"
One main and its staff are well put together and I’d give almost anything to do business with them again. They were polite honest and quick to help me get the funds and resources I needed.Thanks team One Main Financial you’re the greatest __
"Bianca did it all. What a wonderful person who cares about helping her customer that is interested in getting a loan. She is courteous, explains everything to you. She is not only good at her job, but makes you feel comfortable with the information about the loan you are applying for."
Always a great experience coming here Shannon was very helpful and setting me up with a new refinance. Been a customer with them for years and they never ceased to amaze me or let me down. Close in the long run it's helped tremendously with building up my credit score and I have them to thank.
"The fellow who helped me, and I'm sorry I don't remember his name, was professional yet friendly. If he said he was going to do something, he did. Very pleasant experience all in all."
"Marquita (Milledgeville, GA) was very helpful, kind, and patient with me during the loan application process. The fact that she was able to guide me, over the phone, was a blessing. I appreciated her fun, yet professional, demeanor too."
"Dara Srebrenick explained all the details of my loan application and informed me of the process . She handled everything in a professional manner . I was pleased and received my loan in a timely manner .
"
"It was easy, it was even fun (excitement of buying a new vehicle and then being approved) approval came so quick it took me by surprise. And the staff were all, and i mean all of them were so helpful. I wish I could experience this much ease with all my major purchases. Can’t thank you enough."
The loan process in general was very simple and one of the easiest I have ever applied for. The One Main agent was very clear what my options were. I walked out of their office in less than 45 minutes and the money was in my bank account within 30 minutes!
What's important to me is courtesy politeness go out of your way to make sure you get the loan and the interest rates that are a lot better than any credit card around
I’m not frustrated about not getting the loan for it was to be short term. I just want an answer to the one question I have. One main refuses to answer what should be an answer they know verbatim. …”what is One Main Financials description of their version of a secured (collateral) vs a personal (signature) loan.
"Amazing people and stayed on top of everything, if ever I need help are had a question they were there to answer it great customer service"
"As soon as I walked in the specialist was attentive to my needs and was able to explain thoroughly making the process that much easier! I walked out with a 8k! Time for those home repairs! Thank you :)

-T. M."
We worked with a great young man. They were great about our appointment time and how hard it is for us to keep one due to how I work. Just an overall great experience and no hiccups.
Everyone was very happy to help and made our loan so easy very nice Office was clean and neat both Reps were Awesome
"My experience with your business was a nightmare!!!!!! You need to hire some competent people, not people that can’t pass an idiot test. It took me 6 hours to get done what should’ve taken minutes. I would never recommend anyone to you. It was very frustrating and a nightmare!!!!"
The loan agent was very professional and thorough. It didn’t take long to sign documents from start to finish. I would recommend this company to my friends and family.
"The quick response and the speed in which we were approved made the experience great. Also the staff who were friendly and helpful, made the signing for our loan"
The person that helped me with my loan was wonderful and explained everything great. I’m very thankful to be using onemain financial!
Hello my experience with Onemain Financial was great. Mr. Mike help me through the process and made it easier for me . I will tell my friends about the Company.
I'm amazed. Been to the Paris office on two occasions and the ladies are so friendly as soon as you hit the door and don't leave you waiting. Answerd all my questions. Thanks for such a awesome crew
"Make sure they do all their due diligence BEFORE EVER USING THIS COMPANY. Approved for a loan one day, let's get you scheduled for paperwork, etc. Took time off work to go in but wait, there were more questions the next day of the appointment because she couldn't remember or forgot to take good notes. Now I can't get ""you there because of some algorithm and her mistake in her input, oops"" More input is needed, and more documents should be asked for - get the full picture of a person before becoming complacent and lazy in your job. Not at ALL recommended - be wary - be careful!!

Returned calls multiple times and can get no answers other than leaving an additional voicemail... for another return call.
"
"First Helpful, understanding what you had to say. Listening to your problems. And... Last finding a way to better to meet your needs. And they did so for me.P. S. Everyone one in that office was very kind and nice."
"The experience was great
The only thing i felt like maybe taking all the insurances on the loan were required not an option I felt if I didn’t take all the insurances it may not be approved. I didn’t feel it was an option. Otherwise it was a very good experience!"
"The process was clearly explained, with patience and pleasantness. The options were detailed and flexible. This was a very helpful transaction."
"Justin Bacon, Sr. Personal Loan Specialist, provided EXCELLENT service and assistance! He was very thorough in explaining everything with the paperwork and EXTREMELY personable! Thank you, One Main Financial!"
"met with a very knowledgeable agent who provided full information on the loans I had available, he listened to me and got me the information and loan I wanted,"
"Bryan was very knowledgeable, and help me understand the process and help me choose which option was best for me. Fast to get back to me and answered all my questions. No pressure felt at all."
"Quick service, called, visited, signed documents, and received loan all within a few hours. Very courteous as well!"
The experience was great because the customer service team and representatives worked with us through a different time. We received emails and phone calls and text messages letting us know what we needed and where we were on the process. The outcome was positive and Teresa kept a smile. You could tell on the phone she was having a good day and liked coming to work.
Crystal was excellent made it very easy for me. He helped me consolidate my bills. I recommend her to anyone she really helped me out a lot..
Knowledgeable and very helpful loan associate. She made the process very easy and explained everything so it was easy to understand.
"Angel was great, made my experience feel at ease, She explained all my options and made me feel at home."
"Professional, friendly, and respectful person i.e, Maria handled my loan process. She amazingly awesome."
"THANKS ONE MAIN, GUSTAVO WAS VERY HELPFUL AND PROFESSIONAL, HE EXPLAINED EVERYTHING THAT I NEEDED TO KNOW.
THANKS AGAIN."
I was very impressed with your company. Loan officer was very knowledgeable and thorough. No hassle or pleasure.
Getting approved and the amount was fast and easy. Plus the representative I talked to was amazing. I wish there were more people like her
"I like the fact how helpful they were. Took their time, asked if we had questions gave us all the information we needed and got us the loan we needed"
Everyone I spoke with was very nice and professional. Theresa is super sweet and a pleasure to work with.
The staff has been wonderful to work with and are always kind. I have found them to be very professional and caring. They provided great customer service and I would highly recommend them to my friends.
"Amada was great to work with. The only thing that’s illegal in California. If I should die before this loan is paid off. That my children would be responsible. They have no irfan of my business.
And they never sign a contract. Need
To research before you think that’s happing. Don’t set your company up for a law suit."
"Barbara was very knowledgeable, polite, and seems very genuine thank you for all your help."
Fast response and fast funding. Everyone in the south main st building in high point are always awesome.
when you set a goal for on time payment's and when the customer's reach it don't move the goal. they way you word it and present it is like an oil snake sails men very slippery and I'm saying it that way to be kind. that is very miss leading.
Overall the friendliness of the process and your staff. Being a previous customer made it simple.0
I did not like one of the people that I talk to she was not very business like at all she would not listen to me about my email not working on my phone and it takes a long time to get it done
The person that helped me since she took my phone call was very sweet and professional. She was very sincere and acurate with the information she gave me at home.
"My representative Kasia was very patient, expedient, knowledgeable, and respectful. I could not ask for more than that."
Everything was very simple. The Lady Mrs.Brenda was very nice and I understood everything she went over with me. So the overall experience was great
"Jose was very detailed with my loan, answered all my questions, and my loan was in my account the very next day!"
They were super helpful. They were kind and considerate. I never felt like I was being judged.
It was quick and easy and the representative that I worked with did very well explaining everything
"Kimberly at the branch in Idaho falls with one main financial was very unprofessional. She did not want to take the time to try to get the banking correct. She was supposed to have it all set up so all I had to do was walk in and sign the paperwork and walk out as I told her I had to do it on my lunch. She did not have anything prepared with my insurance company but complained about how difficult they were to work with. She did not tell me that I would have to call and have them send her things so I could have the loan processed. Because we had to do all of this, and she did not have it set up I was over 40 min late getting back to work. So, I called her the next day to ask her some questions and she was very short and rude and hung up on me. If you need a loan, PLEASE DO NOT COME TO THESE PEOPLE because they will not take good care of you in my opinion."
"Jessica was very professional, she explained the process in great detail, very knowledgeable.
Thank you"
The loan officers were very helpful and responsive. They made the process very easy and pleasant.
"They really easy to work with and very understandable.
I'm very happy with the costumer service they offered.
"
My loan was process so fast and my eyes were open to the fact i was paying out so much to cerdit cards monthly one main offer really save me and i had no callotorals and they were able to work with me and provide me a solution which i can manage am a happy one main girl thank you
One Main has been good to me helping me fulfill my personal needs when I really really need it.. Thank you
Ms Tammy was very professional and she help me from start to finish
"Fast service, easy process. I would recommend for the agents to be more transparent about the services offered and look for benefits for the customers."
Very profetionals good people i am very satisfied all really nice experiaence thanks.
The person I dealt with was very nice and my loan was finalized in a timely manner.
Friendly staff. Dylan was very professional and explained everything to my Satisfaction
"The process was easy and quick, and the loan specialist was quick to answer any questions that I had and not make me feel pressured into anything."
I had a great experience with you.. it was easy and informative.. thank you
"I’ve had three loans, very professional, and easy to deal with as long as you have your docs"
"The agents were very helpful with guidance and understanding.
Their navigation skills helping us complete the transaction was key for us.

Thank you"
It was quick an easy applied online 24 hours later I guess because it was over the weekend I get a call from one main in my town like said on letter 5 mins later was approved an went into office an signed papers an 1hour later the funds were in my account id definitely recommend anyone to go here was very easy an nice people at local branch
valerie made getting my loan easy and explained all my options.
"I was very pleased. I applied online and received a call back quickly. The staff was friendly, and very helpful. The funds I needed were in my back within the hour."
"Tina and her Staff are great to deal with. They make the loan process Easy, non-stressing, understandable, and are personable. They are truly a great group of workers!"
"It was explained step by step no pressure, friendly, honest and hassle free. The agent was professional and knowledgeable about the loans and guidelines."
I was very happy with the represenative who helped me get approved same day and money was deposited next day. It was simple !!! Thank You OneMain financial
"Excellent experience. All the important ""P"" words: Professional, personable, almost personl (in terms of the tone of service.) Thank you."
It was an easy and professional experience. I am very satisfied with the product that they offered and funds were available in a timely manner.
She was very helpful and made the experience stress free and easy to understand.
I made application on line and then called. Alisha had all my information ready to review- so easy !!
Made it very easy for me to get a personal loan interest rates are high.But overall a good company work with would recommend
Ashley was ready for us no delay's no problems. Excellent customer service.
The rep who helped me with my new loan was amazing and very helpful. She is a true asset to your company.
One of the best banking experiences I've ever had.
"I received an in-depth professional introduction to the OneMain Financial products and services and how both would meet my needs. Your representative was absolutely professional and lead me through the process demonstrating the highest level of confident, knowledge, and integrity. It was the most pleasant process that I have experienced in years. Thank you!"
Agent was knowledgeable and answered questions appropriately. The entire process seemed seamless with a quick response time.
the customer service was great. Everything was already set up. I was in and out within 30 minutes are less.
"Very polite and courteous to work with, Got my loan approved"
The process was very easy and funds were deposited the next day.
Eron was a true professional and made the process seamless
I got helped as quickly as 2 seconds and everything went well as my expectations
"I’ve done business with One Main before. Interest rate is high, but not as bad as credit cards"
"The two ladies were helpful, caring, respectful and professional.
It was quick and easy and I couldn't be more thankful."
"Our representative was kind, courteous and very knowledgeable. He worked very well with us to fulfill our needs."
The experience was greatly and they was really nice and respectful and helpful
"Absolutely horrible customer service. I received my credit card and activated it. The website would not let me log in. I went to reset my password and received an email that my account was locked and that I would need to call Customer Service. I called and listened to their garbage automated phone system that would not recognize voice commands (as they said it would) and none of the options listed by the phone system provided anything remotely related to unlocking an account. The automated phone system eventually hung up on me. When I called back again, I just picked an option hoping the Customer Service Representative would be able to transfer me to the correct person. My call was answered by someone with a very thick Indian accent that had me verify my account information. She was able to transfer me to someone who could reset my account, but I had to wait on hold for a very long time. After re-verifying all of my account information again, this new CSR was able to unlock my account."
"The young women Shannon Jason was very friendly, professional and helpful"
"Fast, friendly service! Did a good job explaining everything. Had my money the next day!!"
It was excellent your representative went over the loan explain everything easy to understand the loan process is very quick I would recommend OneMain Financial to everyone
"Michelle was very knowledgeable and the process was easy.
"
The Lady I spoke with was very helpful and kind. I highly recommend this place when in need of a loan. Thank you!
"Was a great experience. Fast, friendly and easy..."
The process getting the loan was easy and the girl who helped was very nice and patient
"They took time to help me when I got there just before they were closing. Treated me extremely well, very, very helpful."
the amability of the person who tookcare of me with the process
I did it online it was quick and easy everyone was nice and professional
"Rep was fast, friendly and
Very helpful. Was a pleasure dealing with her"
"Our transaction was efficient,courteous and very satisfying. We are very appreciative. Thank you. Erica is a valuable employee. 5 star."
All staff was very nice and curttiouse with very prompt service
Perfect! Quick and friendly service. Would recommend to friends! Paid all of my credit cards off!
"Good service, to the point, quick positive service."
It was great working with Michelle she made it pleasant to work with
Awesome job and closing the loan.
I called in and put my application in and that same day I got my money approved
It shows that you are educating and training your employees. I appreciate the professionalism and patience throughout the service.
The service was great representative was friendly courteous and knowledgeable of the product and services.
I able to at least get something to fix my little issue and everything went well and beyond
"Kind , efficient, help & service . If"
They have always gone above and beyond to meet our needs. Thank you!
"Always there when I need them
Always excellent adventure"
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
Amanda was professional and personable. I will recommend Main One and Amanda!
They are friendly and helpful people. They gave me what I need. I am thankful.
I trust your company for a better experience to handle my financial means
"One Main"" Is Always GOOD to Me,"" So Keep Up the Good Work __, ""!!!!"
very simple every two week payments that line up with my pay
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
"Quick approval.
Agent Angie was helpful and professional."
Always a great experience. I have been with One Main for years.
The application process was easy. My needs and concerns were address.
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
you guys are one of the bestest people
Friendly and respectful people
The whole process was quick easy and to the point! Very grateful for them!!
"My loan representative was professional, honest, and compassionate. She explained my loan options and contract."
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
It was different doing loan on phone
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
"It was an overall great experience, Johny the loan officer was professional and very helpful"
Excellent service with such professionalism. Every questioned answered leaving no confusion.
"Stephanie was wonderful, fast, and efficient."
They were ready quickly and easy but I didnt like the hidden fees
Quick response
My experience with one main was great ____
Yes thanks for helping me get my car
Sal is very nice and explains everything so well__
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
Well knowledged staff. Respectful. Patient
"Very quick, and professional. Thank you Hannah"
"The ease of applying and hiw I was kept up to date at all times
"
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
This company was great to work with. Very friendly.
very nice team that treated me with all courtesy and respect. i am very happy with everything.
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
The Staff is Friendly & the process is simple. They are Great ____
Very friendly and helpful
My loan process went very quickly I was very impressed....
Very fast and friendly service
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
"Very helpful, knowledgeable, and quick"
"Customer service, friendly staff,"
Representative explained everything and I received everything I needed
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
The people made this so easy. Half of an
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
The process and approval information was very fast.
It was good during my call
Summer made my experience pleasant and easy.
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
Friendly and take care good
Sales rep Patrick excellent customer service
The process was quick and easy. Sheri was very nice!
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
Great people great service
Excellent customer service and professionalism.
Very knowledgeable and helpful customer service from OneMain Financial.
"Easy , painless and very imformiative process"
Every thing went good
The professionalism and personable manner.
Handle very professional __
Was fairly fast and easy
"Professionalism, courtesy, and integrity."
Yes everything was good Maria very nice
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
"Everything was easy . I was in and out in no time.
"
Absolutely pleasant experience!
"Professional, courtesy and very helpful."
The employees
Fast and easy
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
Great customer service!
"Date of experience: March 19, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
My customer rep Natashia was accommdating and everything was handled very professional. My loan was processed at High Point on N Main location.
very polite easy and fast
"I feel like you might need to train people to get a better grasp on understanding, self-employment income. I would think that would be a large part of your business nowadays with many people owning their own businesses. The objective of business tax wise is to not show much personal income, But they withdraw what they need from the business income. Just FYI."
"My husband and I had a great experience with One Main Financial! We were going through an eviction process in our home and needed a loan to satisfy the outstanding balance. One Main helped us out tremendously. Their team and staff were very professional and kind. It was such an easy process!!!! If you’re looking for a loan, I believe they are here to be of help."
Extremely helpful rep and seamless process
The staff at OneMain are really friendly and Knowledgeable.
"This team is always Great, Fast and Efficient!"
"In a time when managing finances have become difficult, One Main was able to help me get the loan I was looking for to consolidate my debt. And my credit is far from perfect. The representative was very nice, professional, and knowledgeable. The process, which was done on line and some by phone, was a smooth and easy process. I am truly grateful for the assistance One Main gave me"
"Overall the Representative, Ms. Hazel, was spot on. Very helpful, understanding and Professional. The deal was the amount allocated! I have a 99% on time payment history of 9 years, BUT, Only a minimal amount of approval loan. Just Love it"
The loan agent was very helpful and understanding about what I needed. She gave me several options and I chose the one more suitable for me.
Great Happy with the results and the team
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
"Everyone helped each other. All staff were respectful, worked efficiently, knowledgeable"
"Folks were kind, effecient and knowledgeble."
Thank you for helping me. Everyone was great .
The professionalism of the staff. They were all very friendly and polite.
Great customer service
The agent was very knowledgeable and helpful. Thank you.
They were very friendly and helped me with everything I needed. Awesome bunch of ladies to work with ______
They were so patient and polite. Service was far beyond expected. I’d recommend them to anyone.
"Tana was very helpful, she made things very easy for me to understand, and made the process easy. She was warm, friendly, and courteous."
They are very kind people they work with you to try and help you if they can
I was in a bind financially and April went above and beyond to get me the money I needed onemainfinacial is great
"They have helped me get my finances in order to purchase my home. I am very happy with the service and fast response.
"
Was very quick to get approved. I was able to get in and get paperwork for loan done very fast. Went over everything throughly.
"I had a loan with them years ago so when I needed money I knew I would go back to them because of the GREAT customer service. This time was even better because I didn't have to leave home, I did everything from my phone, they made everything so simple and easy, they gave me options on the amount as well as explaining everything so that I could understand it and answer all of my questions . GREAT PLACE!!"
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
Terry Swift was so easy to work with and the process was easy. Great office.
"My experience with One Main Financial was fast, friendly, and helpful. This was my second time using this company for some financial help. Thank you!"
"One Main has been there when noone else bothered, they were Professional, Knowledgeable, And Courteous. I am truly grateful."
My loan officer she was very professional and respectful
Everybody is very friendly
Every thing was very smooth. No problems Tammy Wilson had every thing in order. Start to finish four hours about one hour in office very efficiently done. Excellent employee!!! Can’t praise her enough!!!
"The lady, I’m so bad with names, but the lady that helped was so kind and helpful!__ made the whole experience easy"
Very helpful explain every details
Process was much quicker than before with updated systems. The fact that I didn't have to go deposit the check into my bank account was great. The staff is always detailed in explaining the contract and they are always professional.
fast a good service
Fast friendly service
I’m glad I got approved and I’m enjoying my black truck Cadillac SRX
very helpful
She was very helpful and thorough and made the whole process go well.
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
"Bruce was very informative, understanding, and so willing to assist in the process. He made everything a breeze!"
"Fast, courteous service"
Everyone was so laid back and treated me like a person not just another customer.
I have been trying to upload my insurance to the screen he told me to when I go to the website but it's not allowing me to and I rarely have time to call the number because I'm always on hold.
I like working with one main Finance they have help me a lot.
Wonderful and secure thanks
I am glad they understand deaf people and communicate clear on phone
Great an very easy
"The staff is very nice and helpful,"
My experience was absolutely fantastic! Tonya (I hope I got her name right) was absolutely wonderful __. We became best friends in a day. Her customer service was outstanding! I didn’t plan on refinancing my loan but she changed my mind and I got a lower payment. Well done! ____________________
One main gave me a chance to get my debt in order. The process was fast and simple.
I have done 3 loans and the experience was excellent.
"I can't say enough about my loan experience with One Main Financial on Tuesday, March 5, 2024. Forgive me for not remembering her name, but she was pleasant and yet professional. She put me at ease almost immediately. The whole interview to include approving the loan took about an hour. This is my third experience with One Main Financial and they always come through for me. Thank you One Financial."
Very professional took the time to explain everything. Would definitely recommend them
LoBryant was very helpful and insightful during the entire process. He made it seamless and easy and I never felt overly pushed to buy products but he did make sure I understood the ramifications for turning them down which I appreciated.
Great financial institution that helps out the blue collar people!!
Very easy and professional
Employee commutation very professional
They were very helpful and courteous. Thank you
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
My experience was outstanding because of the constant communication and transparency as it relates to my loan.
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
Great customer service! Very pleasant experience
The greatest thing about my most recent experience with OMF is that I felt like the most important person in the world when it counted the most. Super speedy response and fluid-like transition into a new loan experience.
Received prompt responses throughout the application process and the loan was approved and paid out quickly.
One main was a great experience did not give us any trouble make us feel bad it was seamless and they took care of us very well. We will definitely go back to them and refer them to friends and families thank you again one main.
Easy process
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
Jennifer was very helpful and answered any questions I had
Super helpful nice and cooperative through the process!
"It was easy. fast, and convenient!"
Heather was awesome! She was very kind and professional and made it very easy for me!
Amazing people to work with. Very good at walking you through the process and explaining everything to you.
The staff was very nice and I was in and out they are very professional if you need a loan go to OneMain they will make it happen
Friendly professional service
Whole process was smooth and efficient. Friendly staff that was knowledgeable.
"June was very knowledgeable, very attentive, very professional, and on point from step one till the end."
"The loan process was very easy and fast. I didn’t expect to get approved but was assured by my representative, Xavier. He was friendly, patient, knowledgeable and efficient. I highly recommend One Main Financial!!"
The agent was clear and concise. She was welcoming and anticipated questions with clear answers in terms I could understand without an accounting degree!!
Great service. Great people to work with. Ruby was excellent.
Your customer service is very good . Grateful for all that you did.
Most importantly the loan process was hassle free! Also was fast and easy!
"Very helpful and kind, willing to help, even helped with other options on loan."
Very professional and right on top of things. Loan process was quick and smooth. Thank you for making it a good experience.
Friendly people polite explaining everything so I could understand
I was provided options that would fit my needs better.
"Great customer service, as always."
The lady that worked with me was patiet and had great knowledge of her craft.i rate her great great and great
"This was a super simple and easy process. Signing took about 45 minutes in office, I had my funds by the time I made it to work. It was super fast, quick and very convenient.

The gal that helped me was an absolute sweetheart.

I'd definitely recommend them. For me it worked out amazingly well."
"Quick, friendly efficient. They help you get what you need and when you need it. Absolutely recommend."
"At first, I was going to use my car as collateral and changed my mind for many reason and did it as an unsecured. They were fabulous in fixing it."
"It’s been great getting help from one main financial
Been so helpful
I will recommend friends and family"
"Date of experience: March 12, 2024"
One Main gave me a chance to get my credit score up by believing in me and approving me for a car loan. It was a fast and easy “no nonsense” transaction. My rate is better than any where else I applied. I’d highly recommend OneMain 100%
Kiera did an excellent job. Great customer and professionalism. I would definitely refer others to her. She made the process understandable and easy. Thank you!
"Everything was great. Everyone friendly and I received my money in a timely fashion.
Thank you. __"
The honesty and the quick approval to getting the loan.
Danielle was very helpful with explaining everything to me.
"I would never recommend OneMain Financial to anyone, unless you are desperate for the loan. Even with good credit score they still get you with high interest rate and the longer your loan, the more high interests they “rob” you of your hard earned money. I learned my lesson of borrowing money from loan companies like OneMain Financial, stay away from it , never again!!!"
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
"Jamie was super helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. She explained everything I needed to do and followed up quickly with me!"
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Very quick approval and fast cash. I received my money within 24 hours and there was plenty of support from their employees. Great service.
The workers were very patient and helpful Heather went above and beyond .Thank you all!
"There is NO WAY One Main has a TrustPilot rating this high. Most people I know who have used them have had SOME issue with them.

I had a loan with them in 2021 for about $5k. I paid it off in 6 months by coincidence because my VA case settled and I received a large sum of money.

Fast forward to today, I was looking at my credit report and noticed that in my Transunion section, they remarked my loan with them as “ Canceled by credit grantor”. Might seem benign right? CANCELED is not typically used on loans that have been paid off correctly. CANCELED by credit grantor is often associated with something bad on your credit report. These little details matter.

I disputed it and of course, they couldn’t change it. What is an absolute minor detail for them, and a major one for me, they couldn’t change.

DO NOT GO WITH ONE MAIN. Their entire business model is designed around enslaving desperate people into loans with excruciatingly high interest that you will never be able to pay off. And if you do pay it off, they will get their last lick by reflecting it poorly on your credit.

Again, these amount of positive reviews have GOT TO BE PAID.

EDIT FOR FUTURE VIEWERS: NOTICE how they took the time to respond to the claim of paid reviews, but could give FK all about their mishandling of my credit report? You see what you will deal with now?
"
George Campbell
Great place to do business would definitely recommend to a friend.
"I wasn't sure I'd get approved with the other depth I had, but boy was I wrong and what I was approved for was even more shocking"
The service was amazing good communication and everybody was just so nice and lovable they understood what they needed to do and they made me understand what I needed to do please give them a raise because they are the best workers on your team
very pleasant agents incredibly fast would rate them A Plus
My Loan Officer was Chanh. She took the time to run the numbers for a few of my vehicles to figure out which would be the best fit for the loan. And she was influential in helping me get approved for the loan.
Was treated so nice and it was very fast.
Great! Fast efficient and was able to meet my needs.
I find it hard to believe any of these review are honest. These guys are criminals and will change your loan type half way thru they will go as far as to sign the previous owners signature to release interest on the title. Don't do business with OneMain
The lady was really nice ans helpful through the process
Was easy to go threw the process however was very lengthy
"Absolute worst company to deal with. They perform the old switcheroo on you after they promise you'll get a certain amount. Then they run your credit and fail to deliver what was promised. Furthermore, if you encounter hardships, they do not offer assistance; they put you on hold and then disconnect the call, pretending the line dropped while I'm at home on WiFi. They are a company filled with scam artists determined to exploit consumers. They misrepresent interest rates and do not clarify that it's a computed rate, ensuring that every month the CEOs benefit at your expense. If you do miss a payment, don't worry, they'll immediately report you as delinquent to all credit bureaus. They fail to report accurate information; while a dispute may remove it, it's the process that's burdensome. They engage in harassment and deceit, claiming they are here to help while they take advantage of you."
Amazing! Just Absolutely Amazing!
The communication with my loan professor. The requirements was explained very well.. She was very professional
"The over all experience was good, I had an appointment scheduled for 11 and it never got marked on the schedule so I ended up waiting for the better part of 30 minutes while everything was being finalized before actually discussing loan options."
Fast friendly response. Has answers to my questions .
"Pamela at OneMain was a great help , she called and let me know what info was needed to complete my loan . When I arrived to OneMains office Pamela's coworkers also helped me to finish up my requirements , They got me in and out fast . 40 minutes later my money was on my account . Thank you OneMain"
"Carolyn from the Mililani Branch was fast and efficient with my loan. She had excellent customer service,
I will definitely refer my friends and family to her."
Very friendly helpful and was willing to take the time to explain everything
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
"I have been with One Main for more than 20 years. The staff are professional, caring and efficient. They make everything clear and understandable."
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Samantha was great. Good terms and interest rate.
Kathy was AWESOME! She explained everything to me in great detail!
The lady that helped me was super professional and was helpful with any question I had
"It was not good, this was the worst.I asked questions and she really didn’t explain anything. She , was like…. wait til we get to the end.I never want to talk to her again never.She didn’t give me no options."
"Very little information up front. I sent all required personal information and waited, then I was told we need more.. much more, repeatedly. Received phone calls every day that left no message and were hung up multiple times. Despite jumping through their hoops and weeks worth of harassment, I was denied. Specifically Sophie from Minnesota . They will drag you through the mud asking for near every detail of your life."
"My experience was awesome. Lisa assisted me from start to finish, and even stayed slightly after hours to help me achieve the finance options I was looking for. This is my second time conducting business with One Main, and it's my second time being completely satisfied!!!"
Great customer service and they answered all of my questions to make the process go smoothly!
Everything is explained in detail. Very professional & looking forward to working with them again.
Every one was very helpful and friendly aprofessional thank you very much
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Very easy great staff
"I needed help I was body slammed with a huge tax payment, car repair and other bills. I was frustrated on where I was going to get help dealing with this. One Main to the rescue and I was able to breathe a little easier knowing I was taking care of things"
"Beverly was outstanding. Excellent care from beginning to end. All aspects of loan procedure explained. Appreciate you all so much!
(And I missed seeing Hazel's sweet smile in the office)!!"
One Main really tries to help you when you need it. The staff is very friendly.
Made it easy to understand how the process was going to work! Very eager to help with any questions. But the wait time on the phone is a bit long.
"Received call from local office same day as applied and set up to sign loan the next day
After signing loan had money in my checking account within the hour."
Jamie was so awesome!!! He's a wonderful face for your company!
"OneMain Financial was there when I needed it. I have been trying for about a year to get my debt cleaned up. I needed a little help before my tax refund arrived and they were able to help me out. Once my tax refund was here, I paid the loan off. I am coming out ahead and appreciated the help and special attention the team gave to my request."
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
"I had an exceptional experience working with Eric as my loan officer. His professionalism, attention to detail, and clear communication made the entire process seamless. Eric went above and beyond to ensure I understood each step, providing valuable insights and guidance. His dedication to customer satisfaction and expertise in the field make him a standout loan officer. I highly recommend Eric for anyone seeking a reliable and knowledgeable professional for their lending needs."
The person that helped me was very nice.
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
All working that day was nice and friendly to me. Thanks to everyone
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Overall easy to deal with and great people to work with and help me through what I wanted. Would recommend to any of my family and friends.
Everything was good especially the service thank you
Was helpful. They show me a list of choices . Very considerate and caring about client. The deliver on time.
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Very time-consuming experience to the point that I almost got up and left the office.
Customer service was Great. The person I talk to was very helpful and kind with patient. I appreciate that.
Great customer service and patience
"Very help , made my experience very easy to get through"
Very professional and friendly
"Very friendly people that made my loan application very easy. Thank you! Also gave me a loan payment agreement that had my finances in mind, very helpful!"
It meant all my needs and they were extremely professional and it was extremely easy to go into the process . I am satisfied sincerely John Guarente.
My sales associate Ryan was very helpful and got me exactly what I needed
Lisa was awsome. In fact the whole office was. We had a small issue with paystub which was taken care of with professionalism.
"Statesboro office is the best!!
Ms Brenda was awesome!
She was great..explained in detail that I could understand, soo very polite..very patient on the phone and contacted me during my time available to talk.
Was very comfortable speaking with Ms Brenda and was a pleasure to speak to...
Soo appreciated of her assistance!
Thanks again

"
Because I was able to refinance my loan and get some money out.
Great customer service experience and details were thoroughly explained.
The communication the customer service and the timing was excellent the customer service were very friendly and they did a great job staying.in touch with me thanks for everything sincerely Ronda
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
"Great people! Quick and professional help with all loan process! fast closing with full explanations. I was so happy, thank you very much!"
"I had to call to get some account information. He was very professional and very nice. And very informative, good job."
Excellent customer service. Quick and easy.
"When l felt l couldn't you helped me out the hole it was oh so easy, you made me feel l can do anything thanks to you."
Everything was done very quickly
They was great
"Colton was great the whole process, kept me updated on all things and was Great at Customer Service, Very Good Experience"
Daniella is Awesome! Baytown location
"Rene is very helpful and knowledgeable.
Very happy with her attentiveness in always helping me."
"The experience was extremely smooth.The customer service was off the chain& it didn't take all day.i recommend anyone to come here.i
would do it again!!!"
Everyone they was very nice and super helpful. They answered all of my questions and just made me feel like I was in the right place.
"I have been a customer of this branch for several years and have always been completely satisfied with the staff interaction and the quality, simplicity, and timeliness of their service. In particular, the branch manager, Ms. Miller, is extremely knowledgeable and professional and has always been a great help in processing my transactions. I will always look to OneMain and can highly recommend their services."
"Understanding, Caring, Courteous."
The process was seamless upfront and no bait and switch perfect
Very good service
Great customer service: they treat you with respect.
I had an excellent experience.
Excellent work
Fast and easy to get approval. Thanks
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
The staffs were wonderful and polite
OneMain representative Kirina was exceptionally helpful and very professional in assisting me through the loan process.
I needed a loan and Ashley was very helpful and professional. The process was quick and easy and the money was sent to me the same day. I'm very happy with the process. Thank you Ashley for your hard work!
No wait and Representive was very helpful and knowledgeable
Easy application and quick approval.
Amalyn got me a loan fast..and even went out of her way to deposit the check when i had a problem.
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Ms. Ashlee was very nice and helpful
The process was pretty seamless and the money was in my account very quickly
"The process was very easy. I was continually provided information and updates.
I was also given other thorough information to choose what worked best for me.
I am very happy with the process and outcome."
Well the staffs were amazing and very pleasant. I was amazing super quick the loan precession. Thanks again
"My experience with One Main was excellent, I called and got a nice lady name Carly who was so helpful and patience with me."
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
"Fast service and turnaround. Only negative feedback is that the amount I applied for was approved but then after speaking with a branch member, they only approved less than half of original amount."
"Was explained my loan in full! Process went smoothly and quickly. My funds were available when my agent that helped me said. My agent was very informative, answered every question I had and also was very pleasant."
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Everything was smooth just wish it was a better interest rate
Malone was exceptional
The staff was so friendly and professional.
"I went to 1 Main Financial in Midland, the staff was very professional, knowledgeable, and friendly. They answered all of my questions, and explained everything in a way that I understood. I recommend them to everybody, and I will definitely use them again in the future."
Very friendly & knowledgeable.
Lee was awesome it was all him thank you Lee.
"Do not send me anymore offers! The interest is very very high, I will have a really hard time paying this!"
My consultant Juana was amazing she was very sweet and explained things I detail 10 out of ten!
"I always have great service
The staff are friendly,informative and very helpful.
My go to place always"
The service was fast easy..I didn't even have to go to the location all was completed on my phone and I had the money early thr next day
"Very informative on terms, the abundance of questions I needed answered were all answered for me."
"Extremely hard to get ahold of once the loan goes through. They were supposed to buy out my car loan and still have not, so I’m paying for it twice. I have tried to call multiple times, gone in but was told I had to call to make an appointment, when I tried to do that no answer and they didn’t return my voicemail."
"The agent I worked with was professional and thorough. Easy steps to process, fast deposit."
"Desiree was quick and efficient. She answered my questions, and was prompt getting back to me after I applied for the loan."
Being on hold for over 30 minutes
"Very polite, wonderful and made you happy to be an atmosphere that was produced By Your Staff, thank you."
"Kevin was awesome to deal with. The whole process was seamless, and so easy to close online."
"Alex was great to work with. She explained everything that I didn't fully understand, no pushing extra stuff. I will recommend Alex and OneMain to anyone that's looking for a loan."
Loan officer was very helpful
"Staff were very friendly and helpful.
"
Really nice and helpfull
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Olivia did a wonderful job explaining my contract.
Helped out with everything
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Great service from the representative which assured me with the loan. However the rate where extremely high even when it a secure loan.
"They were polite, friendly and a willingness to help. Gave a explanation for all that will take place"
"Date of experience: March 05, 2024"
Jaquana my loan officer was extremely attentive and made the entire experience simple and easy
I talked to Trina on the phone. She walked me though the entire process. She was very helpful and knowledgeable. I would recommend OMF to anyone.
Agent very knowledgeable and respectful would recommend him to other people
Karissa was very helpful in getting this whole deal done and in a timely manner. I will definitely be sending more business her way
"It was a very smooth process, I was approved right away and funds were in my account within the hour."
Staff very informative with account. Norma Ramirez
I had a great experience...Janet was the name of the representative that assisted me...She has lots of patients and explained everything I needed to know about receiving the loan...
OneMain Financial was able to help me with my situation. I was able to keep my head above water!
Very friendly and caring
Danna was great knowledgeable and thrall.
"They are so friendly, fast and I am so happy with my loan amount and monthly payments are very affordable. I will never take out a traditional “title” loan when I can do a secured loan with OneMain financial!! And Will is awesome!!!"
Agent was courteous and professional and the whole process was fast and seamless.
"Brightway Credit Card is a joke. I previously wrote a one-star review about the brightway MasterCard explaining that after almost 3 years I only had $800 credit limit there's a $65 annual fee and when I tried to speak to your customer service agent about this they said there's nothing they could do about it.

So One main financial contacted me and gave me an email address to to contact about this issue and I did that and no one ever got back with me.

I have closed the account."
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
Chelsea was amazing. She was quick and knowledgeable __
"It seems speed is needed. When documents are sent in to y'all, people don't check all places. I kept waiting 45 minutes for a call only to find out they didn't look in email. And then only to wait again. Then again. It took 6 hours to buy my truck. I also just found out, not your fault, but the dealership told me one price and charg d me a hire price."
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
The company was straightforward and clear in their dealing with clients. They delivered as promised
The customer service I received from Victoria was excellent and to the point.
"The representative at one main processed My loan payment Earlier than I had agreed to and before my due date, causing fees
Through my bank that they are not willing to reimburse me for. Even though they admit it was their mistake."
"It was quick and easy, also the employee i talked to made me feel very welcomed"
Friendly and explained all the details. And everything was done in a timely manner.
Our experience was very easy and great people to work with
Having to get a loan can be a daunting experience but Jamie was so professional and patient with me as we went over each page. I appreciated her temperament as it made me feel less anxious. Everything went smoothly and I thank One Main for all the assistance. This was actually a very good experience!!! Thank you so much!!
Everyone was very helpful and friendly
Friendly and easy to deal with. They are very helpful. I wanted my payment to come out after my Social Security was deposited which is on the third Wednesday each month and the girl there was able to set that up in their system so that I wouldn't have any late fees. So automatic bank draft without any problems.
Did not like the time it took to apply.
What an amazing company to work with! Everyone in the office was friendly and helpful and the process was super easy! I am a returning customer and will continue to be a returning customer.
The process was fine but there was too much time spent with other people.
"I was very grateful to One Main Loan agent for her assistance . I needed help immediately and they were very patient with me as we went through the questions and answers. I am a senior citizen and patience is very appreciated on a matter of finances. She explained the contract very thoroughly and what and when to expect my loan. Looking forward to utilizing them again. Thank you
Lidia"
"The loan process was fast and easy, everyone was knowledgeable."
Very courteous and easy to fill out application
"Such friendly, professional,staff. Very detailed & helpful every step. Communication is great. Thanks so much for everything Mrs. Sharon!!"
"This was the quickest, simplest loan process I’ve ever had. I loved being able to completely close on the loan and upload documents over the phone while traveling. Both representatives I spoke with were extremely helpful and kind. Job well done!"
"fast reliable honest and pleasing to work with
"
"Just an all around good service. We were able to complete everything in a short time. Great job Saginaw, MI office."
I was really surprised about how easy and quickly I was able to apply and receive my funds. There were two ladies that I dealt with and they were very professional. I would recommend your company to anyone I know in need of a loan.
Very helpful staff. Walked me through the loan process.
COMPANY IS AWESOME!!!!
Great help and customer service
The person who helped me was great. Very understandable. She knew just what I needed.
Representative from One Financial was very Professional and very thorough. Made the process easy and seamless.
"I don't have very much free time so the fact that Anais made this as simple as anything could be, made it a pleasant experience. It was quick and easy and I had the money the same day that I completed my application and provided the documents. She was very kind and patient. It was straightforward business which I really appreciate. Thank you!"
Very personalized attention and very smooth quick approval!! I recommend them!!
"Friendly, helpful, honest, timely"
Arlene in Nanuet helped me with my loan. Se was very helpful and very patient with me. She was understanding because I don’t speak fluent English and she helped me more than anyone has. I’m so happy to have her as my loan specialist. She is an amazing person with excellent customer service. If I could give more than5 stars I would. Thank you so much
"Long to pay bill.
Yes Loan to pay bills"
Quick and easy loan over the phone
Loan process is simple but if you get the insurances expect a headache if you use them. It's been over a month since I submitted for disability insurance claim and they're still having issues approving it. At this point now they need to contact my doctor blah blah blah blah blah for more information. It's been a very big pain in the you know what trying to get this done. My suggestion is don't get the insurance and if you do expect them to scrutinize the hell out of you and why you're using it.
Great Company I'm Enjoying The Service That I'm Able To Receive From Them
I was able to apply on line and speak to a representative that was helpful and considerate.
Pure chaos I didn’t get my loan money for a week and a day after I had closed on the loan. It was a nightmare to be honest. It was to be a direct deposit but because my account number wasn’t entered properly so it wasn’t deposited. Then several days later a check was cut and was to be overnighted to my home and it wasn’t til 4 days later it arrived. Disappointed.
stephen was awesome and the whole office was nice and courteous
It was fast and simple easy to understand
Sharmaine was very respectful and helpful.
This company was quick and to the point in answering my questions. The rules was explained thoroughly so I understood what is expected.
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
Excellent service
"Great help in securing financing.They walked me through the whole process
Thank you"
"I was very satisfied with the loan process. My goals were met, and the representative was very respectful, organized, polite, professional and made my experience fun. My representative spoke clear and very easy to understand while taking me through the entire process. The loan was approved and completed very quickly and in my checking account the next day ready to use. Thank you once again for helping me successfully completing my goal!!!"
Lexie was very nice and she made the experience simple.
I had the best experience ever
"My loan officer was great! She is helpful, listened and explained things well. They helped me when I needed it most."
"It was the Angels for me! What a Crew!
Very Respectful and Save me in a time of need! I can’t say Enough about them
Godsend! I’ll never let them go!"
"Super,I'm very happy about this opportunity"
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
The agent Andrew - he was kind friendly so helpful and very patient - his customer service is outstanding - - I would highly recommend your company to anyone based on his service - thank you
Loan officer was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable. She made every effort to get the loan closed and very timely.
The sweet and always helpful staff here at the Gillette WY office
"Needed some cash fast...and OneMain in Cleveland,Tx. had me fixed up in less than an hour. Reps were efficient and knowledgeable...and got me what I needed...Thanks.."
Your company was great. Each time I game and needed help you came thru for me. Thanks again.
Very helpful and kind… non-judgmental.. great turn around
"Hassel - she was fast, efficient and made the process seamless. I had my loan within one hour funded to my bank account. Thank you!"
"They got right on what I needed. Got it completed all in one afternoon, and I drove out of out of there with extra money in my pocket."
It’s always a pleasure working with the team.
"I was in need of some extra cash, and they help me to get the funds I needed in a timely matter. Parker helped me to do something electronically and I was able to do it successfuly"
Needed a loan to buy a car for my daughter. Called and give all the information loan was done extremely fast and was what I needed. Went in To sign papers and the office staff was very friendly and helpful. Got us right in and out in no time. Would recommend them for any kind of small financial emergency needs.
Service was excellent and painless. Even though your rates are high your customer service is awesome. Your loan officers really make their customers feel valued…even when that have than stellar credit. I thank you guys for not only helping to get me through one major life change…but now 2. I appreciate you!
"Michelle Bible was very helpful when applying for our loan. She explained all the loan options, and was very patient while we made our decision."
My experience was great because the loan specialist that was assisting me is knowledgeable. I was able to refinance my loan and that was important to me and to reduce my monthly payments.
"Everything went so smoothly, called on OneMain Financial on February 19th, I was advised to bring in to them, Drivers License, proof of Income when we talked on Tuesday, When I came in person on that Wednesday February 21st, Went over the papers work for the loan, transaction was made within minutes, money was placed in my account for the next business day, I thank God for the blessing"
First Anna Carter was Great !!!! The Branch Manager Kelly and total office team was very helpful. All of them made me feel welcomed. It was a GREAT experience.
Service was accurate the staff was pleasant and polite.
Great service I was approved in minutes
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
The staff was very knowledgeable and professional
Wonderful customer service when you ask for a loan they get right on it great people
All the people who worked with me were so helpful and understanding and patient.
Thank you for your timeliness at processing my request. I really need the funds for a surgery so I appreciate your professionalism.
Very easy to work with and very friendly
Every one was nice and respectful
Shannon and all the staff are very curtious and kind. Done expediently and I am grateful!
"Greatful for the loan! Way too many redundant calls to answer the same information than was entered into the computer at the dealership! I could understand 1 call but not 7. Infact told the last callers the i had already did this multiple times, and it is litterally 25-30 mins each time, and was told i was on their list to call. And the attempted forcing of additional products down your throat. Then told to click on the authorization to accept calls, text and email spam from their partners...you have to do it and as on rep told me i can just block them later...think about that!!!"
Fast and professional.
"What experience made a great was how easy it was. I love how friendly the people are and now going. But definitely refer a friend or use in the future. Thank you very much, Jeremy F."
Ray made our experience very pleasant and she was very knowledgeable and helpful . She made it easy
"The team treated me well, helped me when I needed it. They have mare it affordable for my family to survive! The reps were helpful and friendly! Thank you!"
Kelly was professional and personal! Enjoyed working with her during the process.
Customer service was great and the entire process was quick and easy.
She was really nice. Explained everything. What was a better deal for me. And how much I was approved of. The money was in the bank less than 4 hours. I'm very happy with it all
"I wasn’t having good luck with dealerships and banks based on my credit. They approved me for a loan that met my standards and needs.
"
"Great service. Great at explaining the guideline.
Great customer service."
Noel was an amazing. He walked me through the process step by step. He took care of me in a timely manner. I appreciate his patience and keeping to his word.
The communication I had with the my loan personal
The people that helped
"The whole loan process was awesome. it was a whole different system procedure than I had ever experienced with other financial companies. The special assistance I received from the staff, was outstanding! Thank you!"
The process was easy but I wasn’t happy about the interest rate because I had a loan with you already and almost paid it off with no problems and the rate went up a lot from what it was
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
"Thoughtful and direct conversation of the representative.

One main told me exactly where I stood and what I needd"
"The person that helped me answered all my questions and explained everything to me. I wish all businesses could follow suite.
"
Customer service
"Very patient, thoughtful, as well as informative, professional as well"
The lady I worked with made the whole experience very easygoing and a simple experience. I appreciate everything she did for me and the whole process was done with ease. Because of my specialist ill definitely be applying for another loan in the future!!!
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
Well the person that I felt with was been very kind .and very professional I will tell others about OneMain and how good there services is .
"The customer service was superb. The lender was easy to work with and had easy payment options. I wish the rates were a little better to reward loyal customers. Overall, I recommend this company."
Nice doing it over the phone & not going to the office
My lone officer was very professional and very helpful and nice the other people were very supportive and friendly
She was very knowledgeable when we signed for the loan
They were so professional honest and caring working fast to meet my needs I wish this man and woman can't remember her name but his was David I hope u increase there pay I was so happy and satisfied wowamazing job hands up
Fast and easy the loan officer was great to work with.
"Everybody I dealt with through my loan process was very helpful, kind & considerate. I enjoyed talking with the people at OneMain, they made my experience delightful & comprehensible."
Other than the high interest rate for my decent score it's alright
How easy it was. Operators did a fantastic job of walking me through the process.
Very professional customer service I was very pleased would recommend One Main Financial to anyone in need.And that is based on my experience personally.
"Very nice and convenient, trustworthy people to talk about anything you need.
I will recommend this in time of need.I Thank you guys for your patience and understanding as I continue doing business with all of you."
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
The loan officer was helpful in getting me want I need even though I needed more what was available for me was suffice.
"Easy process , very helpful, totally understandable communication. Helpful people! Great services attach to loan if something happens. For example life insurance or disability program with affordable monthly prices.
I am very satisfied!"
As always everyone is so helpful in answering any and all questions that I had. They were very clear about everything and I was able to get the money that I needed to take care of some bills!
Mike was very helpful
Easy and fast.
"Great customer service.
Explanation of each loan step.
The environment was very welcoming."
Easy to go through the loan process
They were kind and respectful I had to go get a new. Tag for my car and registration they waited for me so I could come back and get all my paperwork done even though they were officially closed I was very appreciative that they were willing to take time to do that went through everything very thoroughly to make sure I understood every point.
"everyone was fantastic and bill did an amazing job as always , thank you so much for the help....highly recommend onemain financial on pine island road cape coral ... top notch sevice and customer care"
Good customer service
Very Responsive
This will be my third loan with One Main and they are always understanding and helpful!!
Great people great rates and easy access and process
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
Kimberley was great all the paper work and explained to me what was going to happen next
Violet was very professional covered all information and gave us different loan options.
SUSAN AT Gainesville office you made this experience! Thank you for your help and direction!
"Everyone I dealt with at the branch was very kind, helpful and courteous."
"Customer service is excellent.
"
"The person with whom I interacted was very patient, pleasant and helpful."
"Date of experience: February 23, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
Outstanding customer service
"Date of experience: February 27, 2024"
Karen was awesome.
Great walk through on signing during loan closing.
Customer service. Was great!!
Friendly and patient
"A disaster! They do not tell you that the loans use cars as collateral and they give you an immediate approval with an effect on the credit. When you call it tells you that it is to refinance your car and not for the personal loan as stated on the website. If you put the complete information as it should be, people choose if they want to do it."
Quick and easy financing… highly recommend!
The customer representative (Debbie) was excellent. The interest rate was low as I wanted and the processing was quick.
The loan agent was very knowledgeable and friendly.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
All the employees are knowledgeable helpful. The Franklin NC office is the best !!
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
It’s always a pleasure when dealing with Tocara! She always going above and beyond to fit my needs and makes the process so easy!
"When I had a critical need that I couldn't immediately meet, just grateful that OneMain Financial was willing to provide the financial help
I needed. The process was friendly, performed by caring representatives, making my experience great. Thank you OneMain Financial for helping me. God Bless!"
"I called OneMain Financial talked to Mary, gave her my information and in a matter of minutes she told me what I was approved for, she handled everything extremely professionally,fast and friendly"
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
Good costumer Service! They also made it clear for you to understand your contact.
"I mean, I know it's pretty easy to give somewhere a 5 star rating when they've just given you a loan, but honestly, I had such a pleasant experience with Mika (sorry if I'm not spelling that right!!) She walked me through everything so well and the process was so easy and fast."
"Keeps making unwanted calls on my personal phone number.
Update: They are correct. They were not the calling company. A company with similar name is the caller."
Selvana was very patient in explaining every option I had and took her time with me. Would definitely recommend doing business with them. I like that they do not rush you in making a decision.
Good customer service and they care about their customers. Very friendly
These mother fukers are crooks. They can suck my dick
Quick and easy. Garrett was super responsive. Knowledgeable and explained all my options in a way that was easy to understand. Rates were better than any other place. I was in and out over my lunch break. Five Stars!
"Easy to work with , courteous , professional"
Great experience
Great Customer Service and explained everything to myself upfront about the whole process and never tried to hide anything. Didn’t try to upsell me in any way. Great Experience all around
"Was skeptical at first but was so fast and easy, got exactly the amount needed to consolidate my credit debt."
"They were very patient, attentive and professional."
"Friendly service, easy to work with"
Very quick loan!
Very easy to get a loan.
Representative was pleasant and explained what they had to offer in detail.
"Ashly was great in helping me overcome issues with my signon process. She took the extra time with me, as i have Personal issues, and I can be easily over whelmed in certain computer issues."
Very helpful and nice folks
The staff was e
"Senior Personal Loan specialist ""Takiyah Bakari"" was extremely Professional and very knowledgeable and helpful. SIMPLY OUTSTANDING !!!!!"
"I was received well by the representatives by phone and in person. I felt welcome, the process personable & swift. The office was filled with polite Rep's.

Thanks to all."
The process was done with professionalism and dedication to me getting and understanding of what I needed. I would recommend OneMain Financial to a friend or family member.
"I was really surprised by the kindness, the attention, patience and courtesy of oneMain financial team
a very professional team with a good explanation of credit requested."
Brooke was very easy to work with on my secured loan. It made it seamless from start to finish. In and out in about 45 minutes and had my loan within an hour. They are real life savers when it comes to debt consolidation. Was paying out over $700 a month and now it's been cut to $350. Thanks OneMain and Brooke!
"They were amazing. I was very impressed by their knowledge, thoroughness and, very importantly, kindness in dealing with me. I can't recommend them more!"
"I needed my loan ASAP and I still haven’t received it. I was supposed to get it last Wednesday and it was not deposited into my account. After 3 days of waiting, they told me I can pick up a check in person. I picked up the check and went to the bank to deposit it and it still has a hold on it until the 24th. I needed the funds to fix my car. We are in a worse situation now because we haven’t been able to pay for the repairs on my car so they are still holding it until I am able to pay to pick it up. So it’s been very hard on us financially not being able to get to work and having to take a Lyft every day to and from work. Very unreliable. When I signed the loan agreement over a week ago, I was told it would be deposited into my checking account the next day and when it wasn’t, they made me wait 3 days…. Even though they got a message saying there was an error depositing the funds into my account. And now I’m still waiting because the check hasn’t cleared with my bank yet….."
"I thought the entire process from start to finish was exceptionally simple, understanding and prompt"
"The process was easy, however what they do to you in terms of interest fees is downright criminal. After a year of making higher than required payments I'd barely made a dent in my $4,000 loan. The interest adds up to about $150 a month. A MONTH. If you're thinking about taking out a loan with them don't do it."
"It’s easy to get the loan, but I was surprised by a few things, my 7500 $ loan shows 16000 in debt? I was told the insurance was not in the interest but it sure looks like it is"
The ladies that work in the Farmington area is absolutely fantastic and very sweet ladies.they will go above and beyond for you
The woman who helped me out was so wonderful and kind. Thank you so much for everything!
They are so friendly and make the process so easy!
The process was so easy and finalizing was even better.
"One Main Financial came to our rescue when we had a Personal Emergency Situation going on and they were Right On Time!
We are grateful. Thank you One Main Financial."
Kelly at the colonial heights
"Loan officer was very insightful, and knowledgeable. Customer service was top-notch and promoted to be important to the loan officer. It was a very good experience, an instrumental in the way things should be handled. I will definitely be a repeat customer if I ever have another time in need, you can’t go wrong here."
"The process was very easy.
The entire staff is awesome.
They helped me a LOT !!
I would definitely recommend OneMainFinancial to family and friends.
If I need another loan again, I will definitely use OneMainFinancial.
Thank you, D.M."
I got the loan and it helped me.
I was surprised of my options and one main made my experience very easy
"The agent told me that she was sorry that I could borrow the amount that I was asking for. She told me to check with Amscot.
The manager walked over and said something to her. He looked at me and told me that I could.
The agent, then recanted. She helped me. Her attitude was pleasant."
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
"My experience is great for reasons the company explains what is needed and response on a timely basis. When I had a question to be answered, but I waited in respect while the representative was talking and answered my question before I was about to ask."
Brandy was patient & explained everything
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
Ket was amazing and the process was really easy
The manager waited on me and I was very well pleased. I was in and out in no time . All the staff were really nice and friendly. Great experience.
"Very friendly, options were good and went through fast."
Customer service was awesome the ladies was sweet and did everything they could to help me they make a great team there
"Service without delay.
Customer friendly service."
My rep Christy was very helpful and made the process quick and easy!! Definitely great customer service!!!
Luann was very courteous and helpful.
"Efficient, courteous, knowledgeable, friendly. Matt made everything easy to understand."
Marineland took care of me very good she is a nice person.
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
Very helpful and process was easy.
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
Very friendly very polite very easy to work with
"Any car loan that has a 20% interest rate is insane. The location I bought the car from only offered OneMain Financial auto financing, and so I bought the car on a Saturday, and re-financed Monday morning with a 5.9% interest rate. I would never recommend OneMain Financial to anyone...to me, it is the Pawn Shop or Pay Day Loans of auto financing. (I must admit I laughed at the reply to this post from OneMain...apparently a credit score of 784 and a very good income means a 20% interest rate is justified. Hilarious! The bank I re-financed with were shocked at such an absurd interest rate. Do your homework!)"
This process was very quick and easy. Definitely will be referring my family and friends.
It was very fast and very professional
Very high rate
Rica has helped me in the past. Everytime has been quick and easy.
"We had a loan at an approximately 15% interest. We were never informed that the new loan, which incorporated our old loan and only gave around $4,750 extra, was at an interest rate of 20%. I noticed it looking at the documents we had to sign. At this point we needed the money immediately so we had no choice."
Rachel made the entire experience easy and fast.
Great people very responsive.
Great service
"Great experience, the staff (Mike) was very knowledgeable and went above and beyond to meet my needs for acquiring a personal loan. Thank you so very much!
Sonny"
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
I appreciated the fact they gave me a loan in these hard times. The overall experience was good. The only drawback was it took a long time.
Rebecca was so easy to work with. Made the process efficient and effortless.
The concern about what I have been going through and was willing to help me with my situation.
"Fast friendly service! People were very friendly,professional and excellent! Thank you guys"
Matters were handled in 1 day so was able to leave with vehicle.
Dedication to detail and total patience explaining the whole loan process.
Great assistance and easy process. Thank you very much.
"Missy was very helpful in my Acquisition.of a loan.
Very professional with a great attitude."
Great experience
Jose was a pleasure to work with. Kind Helpful and Professional.
The loan officer CC omg was great from start to finish definitely gave me encouraging words was there to answer any questions I had regardless of what it was being that this was my 1st loan I had so many questions
The are good
The lady who helped me was very courteous and explained everything very well.
"One main worked with the dealer and got all the paperwork around and made it really ez to buy a car.
One main over the years have always pulled a rabbit out of there hat for me ..One main is the best top of my Xmas list top thumbs up way to go..thanks again One main"
I have been a loyal customer since 2016. I have always had good service and you have helped me out several times when in a bind.
The team there are so helpful and considerate. Process was really quick and simple. Would recommend them to anyone.
Customer service was professional and friendly.
"My process was smooth with my Onesource agent, he was good and understanding with his processes! So that help with my needs, and I will tell family and friends about my experience!

Thanks again,
Alex"
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
Rosie has excellent customer service
Very knowledgeable and helpful
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
Had a great experience from the moment i called to the time we finished signing and leaving their office. Awesome customer service and extremely accommodating for our schedules.
They really helped me work through my problems I was having and was very helpful
My experience was great because Tamara was very understanding and really friendly and she also explained everything very well
The personnel was fantastic! Dee stay assisted me to the very end. She also advised me on how to better handle the finances. Thanks so much!
Process was good but when doing the signing that took a lot longer then I expected. But person I met with was awesome to work with.
Seamless and quality service
Fantastic experience from beginning to end. I was in need of emergency financing for a major home repair. My representative Annabella was amazing. She was helpful and went above and beyond to help me secure the amount I needed. Paperwork process was quick and easy and I had my funds that same afternoon. I am rebuilding my credit and was never made to feel like that was an issue or looked down upon. Can’t say enough good things.
"It was great
"
I needed money fast for a family emergency. I got approved one day and had money in my account the next day. Very pleased!
"Date of experience: February 22, 2024"
"Heather the lady that I spoke with on the phone, from the time we started through the final signing she made me feel so important."
Very friendly
They were quick and efficient They got me the loan I needed and offered ready payment options. I would definitely recommend them to friends and family.
"The representative Lucy who took care of me is so personal, knowledgeable, professional and really makes you feel comfortable.
The process was easy."
Everything was good but my loan didnt deposit in my bank since they made an error in my account number. Had to pick up the check and ended up in the address that is on google maps and turns out they are at a different location now so that was another headache. Other that that everything was pretty easy and simple.
The staff. Christy was excellent. Very thorough and professional. Made the entire process painless.
Explaining the contracts in understandable detail
Professionalism; ease of process; excellent customer service
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"SHADY AF!!! These people just want to steal your money and ruin your life, do not fall for the BS stories on Credit Karma. They’re just as shady. It’s all lies. What they want is for you to use your brand new car as collateral for a loan with exorbitant interest rates. The rates are so high that they want you to intentionally not make your payments so they can come and collect your car from you. This is not a good company to get a loan for they are extremely shady. Consumer beware!!!! Watch out for Kayla, she’s a legitimate SNAKE!!!"
"All lies , my credit score is about 600. No late payments for over 4 years and I got denied"
"I have had this loan for a month and my car has not been paid off. I can not get a straight answer as to why, except for snail mail. Why would you pay to expedite my title and not pay to expedite a $4700.00 check?!? In the meantime I’m making two payments. This is not about me making payments, its about your company not paying off my original car loan in a timely manner, now I’m paying you and my previous creditor both for the same car!"
"I had never missed a payment.
I was diagnosed with prostate cancer. Let them know what was going that I was going to have surgery and I was waiting on my SDI. I was told not to worry just keep them updated.
I did everything they told me to. Yet after I paid them off they put that I missed payments on my credit.
This was very unfair.
I will never use them or recommend them to anyone."
From beginning to end my experience was great. Working with Betty she made my day. Betty was so attentive and her customer service was second to none. She had everything already prepared so when I got to the office it was smooth sailing.
My experience was absolutely great but I was expecting no less since I have used One main financial in the past and was always satisfied with the service.
"I have used One Main on both sides of the country (CA and PA) and wow, I am extremely impressed by the professionalism, ease, and expertise by every single employee I have encountered. They are so helpful and friendly and answer all of my (anxiety-inducing) questions. I can call them or walk in, and never have to wait to speak with someone. I highly recommend and will continue to use One Main going forward."
She was very kind and helped me alot very blessed to have had such a great person help me get my first car
"One Main blocked my account for a one dollar dispute. My card is frozen now for months but brightway continues to charge me. I called a spoke with someone who had trouble understanding me but said my account cannot be unblocked until problem is resolved. I said I’ll pay the one dollar so you can resolve problem the agent said that she could not do that. Today I called again a man with a similar speech pattern gave me the same run around with no way of resolving their problem. If you’re online looking for credit help be very careful of those offering lower interest and lower annual payments. In the are located in small out of the way cities and states and they outsource their services to foreign countries, think twice. I’ve had several Seniors come to me for assistance with these problems. Brightway, OneMain is on top of the list. Some of us Veterans return from the Middle East with credit problems and this is the assistance we receive. Please be careful."
Very easy process and knowledge
My husband and I where looking to consolidate some bills and decided to do the prequalify that said was a soft credit pull . We hadn't even applied for the loan and they did a hard pull on his credit. I called customer service and she was very rude. Would not let me speak and kept interrupting me. She could not answer any questions and was no help at all. So I quess now we are out of luck because if we apply it will hard pull again. It should not say this wont affect your credit because that is not true. Very disappointed.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"Easy process the entire way, great customer service !"
This was an easy process and my rep was as understanding as can be he did an awesome job
Jason made everything so smooth and understandable!!
Gordon and Jacob were great we are so thankful for all of their help
"Applied for a loan and was turned down due to 1. Limited Credit File and 2. No credit file. I have 40+ years of credit and perfect payments for over 20+ years and have Good credit and do not need to fix it. Called to talk to someone about it in Tucson Arizona at 6781 N Thornydale Rd. #243 Tucson AZ. I believe the person was named ""Jackie"", not sure. I told her what happened and even mentioned I had taken out a loan last year at that location and even paid it off early. She told me yep that's what happens, made it very clear she was not interested in looking at the situation or helping me at all. I was made offers by several other companies but wanted to do business with this one since everything went very smooth the last time. I know there had to have been a glitch since the system was having problems recognizing my social security number for my account but they obviously do not care and assume that anyone calling about being rejected must automatically have bad credit. I do not usually respond to things but the person was so quick to get rid of me on the phone and not wanting to hear anything more I felt it needed to be addressed. Not that missing out on my business will make a difference to a company this size."
Takiyah was absolutely amazing. She made the loan process super easy and walked me through everything with thorough explanations. I would definitely suggest OneMain for your personal financial needs.
Extremely easy process! I had communication daily throughout the entire process. Wonderful staff/team
Steve Pitts is very knowledgeable and helped me to get the right loan I was very pleased and thank you one main
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"Rachael was very helpful. And is kind, courteous and very professional."
They actually reach out to help you when rates get better on loans and are very nice and pleasant to work with. I would recommend them to anyone.
"Yes, OneMain help me get back on track
Financially. Thank U OneMain for being open minded with my situation!"
Easy to complete over the phone and online. Stefany was patient and thorough.
"I have dealt with One Main for a few years now and always had great customer service.
Easy to apply and easy to close. Everything is upfront and I’ve always had my questions answered right away. Helped me alot to get my financial situation improve."
The loan process was efficient and professional. The rate was reasonable too. Thanks.
"This place is ridiculous! Last year I called, got a payoff amount and paid it. 10 months later I get a call and I'm told I never paid it off! No correspondence in that entire 10 months! I've talked to so many people there and they are a joke!! If I hadn't paid it off, and they had not received payments in 10 months, I should've been contacted somehow in those 10 months!! Never deal with these greedy corporate people!! I paid it off! I always pay my bills and have a great credit score! They are now putting my credit right in the toilet! Do Not Get A Loan from this place!"
My account is set up on auto payment but yet I keep getting text messages and phone calls about late payments it should be on their end to figure out what happened because they're the ones that set up auto pay I would highly recommend avoiding One Main Financial at all costs
The People I worked with were professional.
What can I say I was given the best service by your loan officer Dale. It was fast and easy and for that reason will refer your company to ALL of my friends. Thank you Florence
"By all accounts Mrs. Joan was the best broker I have ever delt with as far as obtaining a loan..!!! Thank You for the loan and all your help. Sincerely, Timothy MacDougall"
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
The speed and professionalism is commendable. The steps were 1-2-3 and I felt that my information was fully verified to help prevent fraud.
Service was quick and easy! Christi did a great job and kept me well informed throughout the process.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
I love the way One Main Financial operates with concerned progress in mind.
"They made me feel like I was at home
Very informative on everything I ask and
Down to earth. Awesome crew"
The care and professionalism that each agent displayed. Especially Andy.
I will start by saying I was expecting to have a not so great phone call when it was raining. But not only did that not happen but it was a positive one . The staff helped tremendously with everything. Could not have asked for a better outcome .
Good people nice and very helpful i would recommend one main
"Jennifer was very easy to work with, knowledgeable and informative. She was attentive to my needs and helped me figure out what worked best for my situation!"
Caroline was great! She walked me through the online application process which yielded me an approval immediately.
"WELL , THE LADY THAT WAITED ON ME WAS FRIENDLY, AND
I WANTED THE MONEY,
THE SAME DAY, AND I GOT THE CHECK,AND I GOT TO GO CASH THE CHECK THE SAME
DAY.THANK YOU ONE MAIN."
"They were quick, friendly, and understanding."
The rep handled all of the problems we faced and always called me back.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
The loan officer was very kind and cordial. Hi
My experience was great. The customer service and speed with which the transactions took place was excellent.
"The agents in Oswego, NY are fabulous. Very competent, knowledgeable, and enthusiastic! I felt very comfortable dealing with Jenny. She is great at her job and should be shown some kind of recognition."
Great team they work together to get me approved .in a short time .
Very helpful and caring.
"Elizabeth was super nice and helpful. She made me feel a lot more comfortable about the entire situation and because of her, I am going to continue my relationship with OneMain."
Kiana was great from beginning to end . Very grateful for your company. Our credit is less than perfect but the options offered to us wit our credit history helped us get caught up so we can hopefully keeping improving our credit. Thank you so much
"Was much much easier faster and just all around better than expected. Always heard bad things about one main but after dealing with you guys first hand and seeing your rates and terms are better than others it was a no brainer. The loan officer, Jamie was amazing fast an extremely polite."
Everyone was very helpful. Definitely going to recommend more to come here
"Excellent customer service!!
Thank you Maria for being so patient!!"
"Friendly, patient and very helpful associate"
"They were friendly, efficient and accurate. Everything moved along swiftly. Perfect!"
My experience was very good although the credit limit offered to me was lower than originally offered. The process was fairly quick and seamless and the money direct deposited the very next day.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Very friendly and made the transaction very easy to understand. Great customer service
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
Clear communication and nothing overpromised
"Good people, good environment and fast out come we were in and out with our loan."
Alicia is always so pleasant and easy to work with.
Needed to refinance my loan for my wedding in August and OneMain Financial is helping me make my wedding possible!!
"Great service
Nice worker's"
The impeccable customer service. I just love them!!!! A huge thanks to Ms. Brenda....She's AWESOME!!!!
The entire process was fully explained. I was informed of what documents were required. Loan was closed and completed when they said it would.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
Staff was extremely helpful and responded quickly. Sooo easy to work with and will be coming back every time. Thank you all
"They're a wonderful company to do business with. I've received at least 3 loans from them that I've paid back in full. They are there when I need them. The staff are very professional, caring and friendly. I'll use them again when in need. The process is easy and not intimidating at all."
Start to finish very professional service __
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"The representative was very nice.
And explained everything that I needed to know.
Her instructions we're very clear. And I did not have any questions about what she was saying. Nor do I have any complaints. This was a great experience for me. As far as loans go."
"This company has always here for me when I needed them financially.
The loan application on line was very easy to complete. The process is very fast. I was able to submit all my documents online and did not have to go into the office.
The loan representative was very professional, patient, very helpful, and knowledgeable. I got exactly what I wanted and was very pleased with the outcome
of the term of the loan. I like the fact they are always
available if you have any questions or if you have a
computer problems with the application process.
OneMain is the best and I will always use them when
needed. Thank you OneMain for your excellent service"
"They are very helpful. Always ready to help when I need it. The staff friendly and courteous. Thanks, Olga Gonzalez"
Representative was kind and courteous. Took her time to explain everything very thorough
I was able to get what I needed in a timely matter. I was satisfied with my loan. Thank you.
"The woman who helped me was kickass! I would refer anyone to her, I was very pleased. Y’all really need to give her a raise in my opinion."
Provided great customer service. Processed application in a timely manner.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"What a great experience, everybody was so knowledgeable and explained everything. Any question I had answered. Recommend it to everyone"
"Helped me out a great deal. Great customer service, pleasant, knowledgeable. Gave me great financial advice as well"
I was disappointed by the fact I got approved online for a $8000 unsecured loan but when I got to the office and was about to fill out the paperwork they dropped it down to $4000. I was not given an explanation that made sense to why it was dropped so low. I then referred my boyfriend to see what they would offer him and also it was $4000. I just don’t understand how we both got offered a $4000 loan with different credit scores. I don’t know if that’s the limit if it’s unsecured but if so that should have been stated. I would like to say the customer service was fast and they got me in right away.
This is my second time using OneMain Finacial and both times the process was fast and easy. There representatives are very helpful.
"Wanted a Motorcycle and For the 2nd time,..One Main came thru...."
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
The agents ive worked with have been friendly and super helpful giving top notch service with a human side to it. Why ive remained a customer since 2016.
Great people! Such an easy process!
Christina and Annika were so helpful and patient with me. They are absolutely professional and courteous. I totally appreciate their work. Thank y’all so much!!
"They are doing an excellent job on customer service. I’ve been a customer for the third time and all the representatives who I have had the pleasure to sit down with, they all have been extraordinary people."
My experience was wonderful. The reps were very nice and professional and thank you for choosing me.
"Great service with a smile and knowledgeable staff...Helped me get back on track.
Thanks One Main"
Honestly I didn't expect to get an approval because of my credit score. The reason why I applied was for debt consolidation to relieve some financial pressure. Two days later a representative contacted me for more information because my application was being reviewed. That afternoon I was approved for two loan amount options which met with my monthly goal for repayment. An appointment was scheduled for the next day to finalize the loan and that really gave me such a great satisfaction from the service that I received. I would like to thank you for the experience.
Very quick and easy. Diana was great
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
The person who handled my file was very friendly and polite. She did an excellent job of explaining the terms of the deal and was easy to understand. I would highly recommend her.
"Spoke on the phone about the payment, interest, and the loan being secured to help the interest rate. When I arrived all the totals had changed and the interest rate was higher than I was told . Also I was under the impression that those totals were with all the loan protections and that was not the case either. I was not at all impressed by the things I was told that brought me there only to have everything be higher especially when I secured it with the title to my vehicle . Bad job and I will most likely not choose One Main again."
The staff were very pleasant and professional I dealt with them in the past they were quick and helpful and was ask if I needed any more funds. I would recommend this office. I was satisfied and glad they were there for my needs.
I am a long time client & this was not my first loan. They ate so friendly & efficient.
"The best
I thank you"
"My experience was great, they were very professional."
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
They went above and beyond to help me with the loan and it was very successful and thank you very much
Sheri made everything fast and easy to understand and answered questions and concerns I had. All information that she needed was up loaded for her on app and missing information was done all in one session. Information that was missing was researched and resolved. Everyone that was there made me feel welcome. I will definitely recommend Onemain to all my family and friends. Thank you Sheri for all your help throughout my years with Onemain.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"Joan ( not sure of the spelling) was very helpful, knowledgeable and a pleasure to work with. Very easy process and explained it all"
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"The Rep was nice, helpful and knowledgeable. The process was fast and simple."
Easy to do. People were nice. Overall good experience
It was simple and going into the office helped make my experience go great.
Helped me when my bank of thirty years did not
"I recently had the pleasure of working with Amy at OneMain Financial, and I must say, my experience was nothing short of outstanding. From start to finish, Amy's professionalism, knowledge, and dedication made the loan process smooth and stress-free.

Amy took the time to thoroughly explain the loan options available to me and answered all of my questions with patience and clarity. She went above and beyond to ensure that I fully understood the terms and conditions of the loan, as well as the best options for repayment.

What impressed me most about Amy was her attention to detail and her commitment to finding the best solution for my financial needs. She listened attentively to my concerns and worked diligently to tailor a loan package that met my specific requirements.

Throughout the entire process, Amy demonstrated exceptional communication skills and kept me informed every step of the way. Her professionalism and dedication to customer service are truly commendable.

Thanks to Amy's expertise and guidance, I was able to secure a loan that perfectly suited my needs. I cannot recommend her highly enough to anyone in need of financial assistance. If you're looking for a knowledgeable and reliable loan officer, look no further than Amy at OneMain Financial. She's simply the best!

Thank you, Amy, for your outstanding service and unwavering support. You truly exceeded my expectations, and I am grateful for all of your help."
"Staff was extremely helpful, Professional and knowledgeable.
Approval time was very quick.
There was a couple of technical processing issues (not the staffs fault) with the system response on closing, but the staff worked diligently to correct them."
Very fast and friendly staff answered my questions promptly easy to deal with
Took extremely too long to process my information. I had to continue to upload the same information multiple times. I drove 3 hours to the dealership and he had everything on his part ready and correct. They then told me they couldn’t approve me due to I didn’t have insurance but did we had to get several higher people involved to get it situation and finally I was approved and my insurance which I had was finally confirmed.
"There has never been a time when I had to contact one main and did not have a pleasant experience. What ever training you guys are doing needs to be studied and put in use in alot of companies. My rep was courteous, PATIENT, PATIENT & PATIENT."
Lisa at the Danville branch is THE BEST!!!
Quick and easy loved the process
"The Kenosha location was absolutely amazing! They were able to help me get back on my feet with a payment plan that works for me. Thanks again, One Main!"
Everything was ready well explained on the options available no surprise very professional.
"Quick, Easy & no red tape!"
"Jordan was very helpful and patient with me and my situation, the assistance you gave was greatly appreciated"
"Mary was very helpful and friendly, great knowledge and I'm thankful for her explaining everything to me"
Chad was awesome and communicated every step of the way. Fast and smooth process
"My agent was friendly without being pushy,made sure I understood what I was agreeing to and signing."
They are all very friendly and polite. I was surprised at how fast we were approved. Shannon really rocked it!!
Amazing customer service! They really listen to your concerns and really want to help. Quick to get a hold of and very professional. Definitely will use them again!
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
Very very helpful cant remember her name from sugarland office…
Great job very informative great staff
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
The people! They made it easy and fast.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"I have been dealing with the Lynn Haven office close to 4 years. The girls there treat me with so much respect and kindness. Getting a loan sometimes is not easy, but they make it a breeze. Keep up the good work!"
It was quick and easy. I had my money within 48 hours. The process was simple and easy to understand. Thank you so much!
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"The agent (DAWN) Was excellent,she explained everything to me.Very Satisfied with service."
Everyone there was so nice it was a great experience and I highly recommend the cookville location
"Excellent, helpful"
I was explained everything in a very pleasant manner. I was made to feel like it was like a friend borrowing me money. I love the staff and the friendly demeaner.
I appreciate the speed in which I was able to redo my loan and get the extra money I needed.
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 13, 2024"
Tamara was wonderful and excellent customer service
Worst experience for getting a loan for a vehicle. Had a Bosnian translator who barely spoke proper Bosnian or english
The worst: purport to help you consolidate debt via a loan but reject you because you have too much debt? They pretend to help people (like my friend) but ultimately don’t.
"One Main Financial is a deceptive loan company. I had purchased an involuntary termination insurance policy that was canceled without my knowledge. I was told the policy was canceled because I had been involuntary terminated within 30 days of when the policy was purchased. Of course, One Main Financial failed to mention this one very important detail during its sales pitch."
"So I found this company through credit Karma, CK said it would be easy and high approval odds. So I did the process. They seemed nice at first, but as I went through the process, it was very cumbersome and they would keep asking for additional information - I would give it to them and then they would say ""oh we need this now"". After many times I just got fed up with it. I wish they would just tell you exactly what is needed from the get go instead of a week long painful experience. I went with Midwest Regional Finance instead and it was easy peasy and got a loan for $12,000 in a couple of hours."
From the first phone call to the end of the process everything was smooth and easy. The person I spoke with was amazing and non-judgmental. She was very well informed and answered my questions without hesitation.
My agent worked diligently with me to get the most loan amount available to me and was patient with me. Also returned calls when she said she would. Great experience. Hassle free.
"BUYER BE WARE YOU CAN PAY BACK AS MUCH AS 3 TIMES WHAT YOUR BORROW,IN INTREST AND the setvice is really bad.When I went to pay off my loan the was higher than what the computer ballance. They left me waiting for 20 minutes when I went there were 8 people in the place.
Read and reread everything at least twice.
They tell you your interest rate is base certain factors that’s just a line everybody pays the same."
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"I applied for loan at the Lakeland, Florida branch and it was horrible from beginning to end. I’m so glad I decided to not take the loan after all. I will never use them ever. Staff needs training on customer service!"
Everyone In the Office was Very Professional--they put me at ease and completed my Transaction in a Prompt Manner
You guys did a fantastic job and I'm happy with your service
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"The way they explain everything made it easy for me to understand what I needed to do
Great help"
They where very courteous and helped in anyway they could iam very grateful and thankful in there help they have me thankyou very much one main
"This being the first time working with this company, oh, it is horrible.. starting with customer service - you will be on hold to get to an actual person for HOURS, then when or if you do get a representative they will place you on hold as well and will NOT check back in with you like most considerate representatives. Also, payment options are super slim to adding your bank account details, what if I just want ro process a debit transaction.. that's A no... Not sure about all the other super extra positive reviews but this is my honest opinion/ review.. This company as a whole can really do better starting with there customer service PLEASE. We should not be on hold the same length as a work shift just to get simple help. Because everything in the App points you to call and sir on hold but in return receive little to no help.

My biggest mistake."
"The incredible genuine service from Shantey and also Jackie. They had no problem with me grilling them about the loan I was applying for.
They were patient and they responded with clear cut answers and no hidden clauses in the contract that could present a problem down the road.
I absolutely am happy with my decision to go forward with my loan.
It helped take so much stress out of my life."
"I had a loan with OneMain, it’s been on automatic payments from day one and I wasn’t late nor did I miss one payment. The last payment on my loan they didn’t take the proper amount, the payment left a balance of 24 cents. So instead of making an automatic payment of 24 cents the next month they didn’t do anything, didn’t contact me, nothing. Then the following month they reported my account as delinquent to the credit bureaus, really messing up my credit score. For 24 cents!!!!! I will never understand why they didn’t adjust the last payment 24 cents higher to pay off the loan totally, or at least contact me in some manner regarding the 24 cent balance. The only way I discovered this was a notification from a credit bureau saying I had a delinquent account and my credit score had gone down. Seriously!! Based on my experience I would never use this company ever. Borrower beware!!"
Christy and the green tree office was so careful and patient and helpful. She did a wonderful job. I really felt like she cared. I was so thankful that she helped me.
"They were kind, courteous and helpful."
The group of people we're very helpful especially Ms Alex I would recommend this company to anyone who is in need of money
"Nick, from One Main Financial,made this process fast and easy. I even completed the signing of the loan on my lunch hour. I would highly recommend him. Thanks again!"
Very friendly went way above and beyond to help
"My whole experience was great. They were able to assist me with a small loan. The interest rate was better than promised, and the amount was larger than I needed. Thanks for all your quick help"
"You all are wonderful - fast, and good services."
"Have done business multiple times over the years and your employees make it quick, easy, and are helpful every step of the way"
I applied for a loan through Credit Karma and was told I was approved. Called them to finalize the loan request only to be told some crap about my car not enough for COLLATERAL. They SUCK!!!!
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Fast and easy had my money the next morning.
"Ms. Neko’s customer service is nothing short of exceptional. From the moment I reached out with inquiries to the resolution of my concerns, Ms. Neko’s professionalism and dedication were evident.

Her communication skills are exemplary; she responded promptly to my emails and inquiries, addressing each question with thoroughness and clarity. Ms. Neko went above and beyond to ensure that I understood all aspects of the service provided, leaving no room for ambiguity.

Furthermore, Ms. Neko’s patience and attentiveness were truly remarkable. She listened attentively to my concerns, demonstrating empathy and understanding throughout our interactions. Her ability to connect on a personal level made me feel valued as a customer, fostering a sense of trust and confidence in the service she represents.

Not only did Ms. Neko provide outstanding support, but she also displayed a genuine willingness to assist and resolve any issues that arose promptly. Her commitment to customer satisfaction is evident in every interaction, making the overall experience incredibly positive and memorable.

In conclusion, Ms. Neko’s dedication, professionalism, and exceptional customer service skills have undoubtedly set a benchmark for excellence. I highly recommend her services to anyone seeking a seamless and satisfying customer experience."
"Alexis was very professional, kind, patient with all my questions, and accommodating. From the first phone call with her through the end of the process, her conduct was exemplary. She is an great asset to your company. All companies should have employees with an understanding of customer care/professionalism as she has. Thank you, Alexis, for a great experience."
"The representative was very helpful, informative, I received my loan within a few hours from beginning of the process to the end"
Fast and easy instructions. Very friendly representative
"Easiest loan transaction because of the loan officer that helped us. Very helpful, patient and professional."
Everybody was polite and explained everything so we could understand it
Great professional and knowledgeable individuals. I have had transactions with them before that is why I went back to them in Waynesboro Pa
Was just as expected. Courtney was always pleasant and helpful. Hope to do more business with one main.
Easy process
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Lisa from Grand Junction was terrific and very informative and helpful.
Clarissa and ontario office are amazing. So helpful and knowledgeable. They made sure I understood every aspect of my loan. One main is the best
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Maria that took care of me was terrific. She had my paperwork ready, explained everything in detail and helped me thru the completion process."
Everyone was very nice professional people
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"I applied for an increase to my current loan. My loan officer, Tiffany, responded quickly and my request was processed in less than one week.

My expectations ere exceeded. I like the new method o closing online. It also save me time and was more convenient than going into the office.

Thank you.
Paula Zuppas"
"Daylin was wonderful she was kind , efficient and personable which is always nice when working with people and money."
"Very helpful staff Michelle in particular was extremely respectful, and very nice to work with."
Darian was very professional and listened and gave us several options. We would recommend one main financial to anyone
Everything went smooth & quickly. Agent very helpful.
"The staff were friendly, and they made the experience easy and fast."
People that worked in office were Fantastic! Very helpful and professional. Very pleasant and caring. I felt a ton lifted off my shoulders. Thanks so much for your help. Onemain was great!
Received my loan in a very timely manner.
"It was very simple to apply. There was a little hiccup with the download process, but the agent made it smooth."
One Main Financial is great. Made everything so easy to do an understand.
"Sharon was great at explaining my options, she was a great helper"
"They are direct in helping their customers, I enjoy the help."
I followed up to see when OMF would be making payment to a debt they held funds from a loan to pay …….. response I was given was “ Corporate released” that payment and should “get there within a few days” . OMF has held these funds since 1/29/24…. It has now been 8 business days and they still have not paid the debt!!!
"Friendly, professional,fast service"
The experience was great and to the point Charles showed me several different loans that were available to me and he was very professional in his delivery I really appreciated him taking the time to explain how everything was going to transpire he is definitely an asset to One Main Financial
Thank you OneMain for making this one of the smoothest transaction and very detailed.
Everyone was friendly... they went over everything with me so that i understood what it was i was signing... overall great experience...
"They have a great service.
They solve my problem within the same day."
"simple, quick, very friendly personnel!"
Annabel and Emily made the process so easy! And Fast! I had my money the next day.
Everything went great the staff is always very polite and welcoming making you feel comfortable and happy.
Rebecca was super efficient and took the time to prep as much of the paperwork and documentation ahead of signing. That made it convenient for me to take care of business of my lunch hour and not miss paid time at work. She was very personable and took time to explain every aspect of my transaction in detail.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Very easy to work with the young lady who helped me. Very informative and not judgemental about the issue at all. Made it seem like she was on my side to help.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"I really needed help for an emergency and I thank God your company helped me. The representative was kind, helpful and took the time to listen. I'm grateful!"
"Everyone has been very helpful and easy to talk to . Thank you for all the help you have giving me over the years.

Sandra Sitton"
My loan officer is way underpaid for the quality of work he put into this. His customer services skills are splendid and explained the process to an old different in a way I could understand. Thank you
"friendly atmosphere, personnel and easy process. we thank you"
I am very pleased with my whole experience with OneMain. Kammi was so helpful and would recommend to any of my friends to go to her with their Liam needs. She was to notch.
Great experience to have been able to get approved for a loan that I needed in a short time period and with convenient payments. The company OneMain Financial provided reliable and trustworthy services.
"The awsome Lady named
Melissa she is the GOAT!!!!!"
They went above and beyond to make this happen. It was relatively painless after providing the proper documentation and my loan was funded within one day.
"Everything about the interaction between us was good, clear, and very professional"
The representative was very helpful and understanding. She made sure I understood each step of the process.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Sarah Santana was the agent who helped me at the Waycross OneMain branch. She was so awesome, friendly, and very helpful. She took the time to explain my coverage to me and the different ones that were offered. She made me feel like a person and not just another number. Highly recommend the Waycross branch of OneMain!"
Natie was fantastic she was very helpful helping me out with everything I needed to do
"I applied online, Robyn called me within 5 minutes. The whole process was smooth and easy."
It was smooth sailing applying for the auto loan via phone. Excellent service! Thank you very much.
This was a very good experience from beginning to end. They stayed in contact with me and within a couple of days everything was completed.
They helped me out fast and with what I needed for the time being.
"The staff at the Fullerton office were all so friendly and polite. They weren’t pushy or try to have me get something that I didn’t need. The whole process was quick, simple and straightforward. Would recommend One Main to anyone who needs their services."
Rachel Was Absolutely Fabulous. She Was Very Quick Yet Efficient In Getting My Loan Finalized. Simple And Smooth Process.
"Great customer service, everyone very diligent. I was in and out and they were able to support my financial needs."
Helpful advice and understanding attitude. I was treated like a person not just a dollar sign
"Exceptional customer experience. I’m on my second loan with OMF and the entire process is smooth , fast and easy. The Wilkes Barre PA branch team is a pleasure to work with !"
The loan officer Alana made me feel uncomfortable asking questions not protaining to the loan . I felt bullied
The client service person made it easy and has effective communication skills.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"The team at the office is St. Louis Park MN did an amazing job for me!
Within 48 hours I had my loan approved and disbursed!
So , smooth and very easy with no hassles.
Nick Minneapolis"
Sue was super helpful and pleasant. She answered all of my questions and informed me of all available options
Customer service was patient with me and walked me through every step
"I like the professional relaxing environment, they handle my loan in a efficient and timely matter, thanks for the opportunity"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Very kind and got me out of a bind. Thank you so much!
"Worst lending company to work with, they pull full credit report on you, you provided all the requested information, got you approved for unsecured then declined you after just because I wasn't able to validate the recent credit I've opened."
"Your employee ""Amy"", at the San Diego office has the best communication skills I have ever experienced from such a helpful person to guide me through the process which was complicated to me but a breeze for her thanks for all your help!!!"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Excelent! Ceci is the best, she deserves a promotion! 10 Stars!"
Easiest loan I have ever gotten! Friendly staff! Great experience!
"The staff was friendly and attentive, treating me as an old friend. The business was conclude in a timely manner and celery professional in their conduct. Extremely polite and respectful. Thank you for allowing me to do business with your wonderful staff."
The professionalism and knowledgeable assistance.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Miss Chloe was very professional and friendly. Doesn’t Take long to do the application. I will refer one to a friend or family.
Loan agent Kimberly Acosta was great! Explained everything in detail completely was very friendly and very professional overall was a very pleasant experience!
"My loan officer was very thorough, professional and made sure I understood my options and answered every question while anticipating my needs. grateful"
"The girls in the office are so nice and knowledgeable. They are always checking, on occasion, to make sure I’m doing ok and if there is anything they can help me with. Thanks so much."
"Good service
She was helpful with knowledge of the loan
exactly what l would need as funding for me and family. I would recommend anyone needing a loan to talk to her."
"My experience with one main thus far has been an amazing experience. I provided what was requested and the rest was fast, and professional. I walked out with a whole new life. Thank you and I will highly recommend one main to my closest friends."
This is the second time I have gotten a loan with one main and both times were seamless. Everyone I have worked with is polite and professional and the process is very quick. I highly recommend them!
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 30, 2024"
The staff is a friendly and fast response.
Was an easy process very friendly and whole over all experience was great
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Very easy to work with the girls in the office.
Can't say enough good things about your company.
Would recommend you with 2 thumbs up."
Good people. Very kind and politely.
They made it very easy to obtain my loan and explained clearly about other products that they offer.
Rene was very nice and explained everything very well
I had a very pleasant experience with the personal they were very informative & answered my questions quickly Everything was handled very professionally to my Satisfaction Thank You
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Excellent service and great customer support
Friendly knowledgeable service. Explained everything to me. Made sure I understood.
"What an amazing team you have assembled in this office. Tonya, Lisa and Jackie were very knowledgeable about your product and all of them were very personable and helpful!! Made our experience a very pleasant one."
Everyone was very nice and knowledgeable. So everything went so easy and lickity split.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Great communication, very friendly. The whole process was easy."
"A very non pressured experience, kind and understanding, Top shelf Professionals handled my loan process with Friendliness, and patience."
Best service I ever had!! Brooke is amazing! I admire her for her attitude and quick ability to get through the closing processes!! Thank you so much for helping me!!
Great ! Easy and quick service. I’ve been using them for a few years now.
The professionalism and pace at which Denise took care of my husband and I.
The agent was very informative about the loan.She was polite never once hesitate about any questions I asked. I really appreciated her expertise and I think she's a great person to work with at One Main Financial.
"Easy to deal with, cheerful attitude."
"I indicated in the initial communication I got from OneMain that I did not want a hard check on my credit as I was building and could not afford a ""hard"" hit.
He promised that the credit check they did to pre-qualify was a ""soft"" check. I was NOT!
OK, I see your response below. That still is NOT what I was promised. When I contact your office, will you be obliged to reverse your hard check?"
The staff made the whole transaction quick and easy. Very knowledgeable
"Great experience. Omar was fast, efficient and professional"
Sangeeta Garg the loan specialist she was helpful courteous and knowledgeable her and the branch manager Lazy Rodriguez. I will recommend my friends and family to One main for all financial help thank you again.
"Friendly knowledgeable staff, very fast process"
Jacob was very helpful explaining all the details about the loan. Very professional!
Great customer service. Many accounts and services available with a great staff ready and wanting to help you make the best decisions to help you.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"The employees in Somerset, KY are always friendly and efficient. I have been doing business at this place for years and if I need a loan I wouldn’t go anywhere else. I feel as if I know them and they are friends. But always businesslike and professional."
Fast and Easy. Everyone there was super nice and helpful. They gave me me different loan options to try and get me a loan that was best for my budget.
The process was painless and easy to provide the information requested. I was able to do everything from the comfort of my office. The contacts were courteous and knowledgeable. From Start to Finish.
"My personal loan specialist Maria did a fantastic job, walked in we asked questions she gave us the information we needed inside 24 hours we got a 15K loan, she was very cordial knowledgeable very polite attentive to us and our needs thank you so much One main financial and thank you so much Maria job well done happy customer."
"PJ & Lisa went above and beyond with their gracious, and empathetic assistance to me and my family during the sensitive moment of dealing with our brother Geno's sudden death.

Thanks so much, and God Bless You Both in all of your future endeavors!!!__

Dr. Church"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Our representative was so helpful in every area of the transaction. We appreciate all she she did.

Thank you Holly for your patience and kindness."
The professionalism of my representative.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Jamie was AMAZING!!!! She made me feel very comfortable she was so kind and polite I give her 100 __________
The loan process was smooth & not complicated with One Main Financial. Every step is explained to you. All terms are clear. Monique was the Loan Officer who guided the process. Did everything on line & by phone. Received funds next day. I highly recommend One Main Financial. This employee deserves a raise. Seriously.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Very good excellent kind over phone, patient!!"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Jenny was great and explained everything in detail. Everyone is always nice and very helpful when I go there for anything.
Brittney made the process so easy and was very helpful to my needs. Simply Amazing!
Hannah was absolutely amazing and very friendly! It made closing super smooth
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Quick easy and pleasant. They are very Thorough and Patient
"the staff are very helpful and very courtesy, what ever they can do to make your experience with you loan they are on board all the way. They do a tremendous job!"
"Awesome customer service.
Friendly associate.
Made it possible to get a loan.
Easy process, not alot of paper work.
Able to do paperwork online and over the phone.
Have lower payments."
I asked if I could come in to sign papers on my lunch and was told it was no problem. I arrived 10 min before my appointment and was put into a room. I was left there for 45 minutes and one one even check on me. I got up to leave and said I had to leave to go back to work and then all of a sudden someone was able to help me. My first time at one Main with Theresa G was amazing. This time with Shay and Rebecca was horrible.
Great job your team was very kind‘Caring’and helpful Thanks so very much.dfyork
Tammy is wonderful and patient!! She was honest and helpful throughout the process. 10 out of 10 recommend!
"Friendly atmosphere, the person who helped us was professional, and friendly. She explained each form and was a quick process by computer."
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Easy, quick transaction. One main has always been great with their customers."
"Excellent, easy process, professional staff, quick approval."
Amanda is amazing and wonderful person to work with! She was fast and was super helpful with my loan.
Was very easy to complete. The rep was very knowledgeable.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Kassie, professional and knowledgeable. Explained in details of all documentation provided. Advised me if I ever ran into a problem paying back my Loan. To call her and explain so that she can assist with a solution I helping me pay off the Loan."
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
They were helping and in a timely manner my heat and truck had broke down they did their best to help me.
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
"Date of experience: February 06, 2024"
Worse experience ever. Never again.
"EASY, FAST, JUST DO IT"
"I like the professional people who work for you! It’s says a lot on the people who they work for. This is the second placed I have used because I have moved. I would like to mention some things. I am a good customer. I pay my loans. But if the interest rates continue to be high. I might have to make another choice. If your helping someone, help them not make it harder and pay more then they need? Thank you for helping me out!"
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
I’ve dealt with Janet and OneMain previously and each experience has been a pleasure. Janet is very informative and made sure I was aware of all my options.
For one thing we have been with you guys for along time .and when we need to consoldate some bills to make it easier on us to survive you wont help .we have done this with many times and now all of a sudden you are not willing to help .so when we get this pd off that will be the last of you guys .we also didnt have to have collarile with you and now all of a sudden you want it.and also i want you to quit sending us loan offers when you wont do it so quit.
They understand how people over 65 need help when unexpected things happen in their lives! Their fast response to getting back with us. How kind and helpful they were as we finish our loan!
"I was seen immediately and was approved on the spot for a new loan, closing was quick and easy."
Rep came in on a Saturday to complete paperwork.
Love OneMain i will always do business with them nice people
"Really loved working with Kayanna, she really went out of her way for us!"
"Zach did a good job with me. It would over everything we reviewed it and I was very happy. Thank you.
How about you? How would you answer these stuff?"
"Ms. Nuvia did an excellent job by providing a wonderful service while processing my loan application. She was very professional and respectful; furthermore, she explained every detail of the loan and the contract to ensure that I as the customer understood everything before signing all the documents. Finally, once the loan was approved I received the funds within one hour in my bank account.

Ms. Nuvia is by far the best customer service representative that I have ever dealt with in loan companies. There is no doubt that her office manager and coworker are a great team and I definitively recommend them."
"Nuvia M. Morales was very professional she made everything fall into place. I was helped by another Co-worker at first but she was out of the office, and she also had excellent Customer Service. The Main Manager greeted me as i was leaving and All had excellent team work. Thank you"
Excellent customer service very helpfully
"no hard sale , listened to my needs"
"I Always have a great experience when I call in. I want to g high praises to both Ms. Kamisha & Neco (I know I probably spelled their names wrong) at the 106 in Western location. They are always helpful, professional and upfront."
"This company is EXTREMELY DECEPTIVE in their practice. We paid for the insurance in case my husband went on unemployment. He's a union worker. We had to use the insurance from 10/23-12/23. The insurance company made the FULL payments, but OneMain continued to also pull it from my account.
I am currently paid ahead until March 1st.
This morning I spoke to find ANOTHER $285.50 taken from my account even though my online account and statement both state I'm paid ahead until 3/1/24. This payment they took today caused my electric bill to bounce. I'm completely disabled and have a small child, and they won't give me the money back. They have taken $856 out of my account since October that wasn't owed to them. DO NOT USE THIS LOAN COMPANY. THEY ARE THIEVES!!!!!!!!"
Just wanted to make you feel like right your number one. I trust OneMain
Communication is key and that’s was awesome
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
"One star too many. Tried to refinance my loan, every payment on time, and when they updated my information, my income had increased, and I no longer have a car payment. They said no without ANY EXPLANATION whatsoever. It's like they didn't take into account that ALL my accounts are not only current, but I've not been late on any . I think it's BS, and if I had it to do over, I wouldn't use them, I'd look elsewhere, and you should too. UPDATE!! One Main asked me to call them, I did, and I discovered that 1. Being an existing customer with on time payment history DOESN'T MATTER to them. 2. Your application isn't even checked by a real person, a computer makes the final decision. Just wondering if my AGE is a factor...hmmm Stay far far away from doing business with this company. Update #2.. more BS, they acknowledged that I have a perfect payment history, not only with them but my other accounts, but their ""computer said I was some sort of risk. I can't say it enough, STAY AWAY, LOOK ELSEWHERE!!"
"smooth and timely. I've used your service for many years and this Well done, keep up the good work!!! THANK YOU"
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
Very easy & friendly to work with. Give all information up front with out feeling pressured or judged.
Veronica was fantastic... love her.
"Olga was extremely kind, helpful and gave wonderful advice regarding debt consolidation. I am really grateful for OneMain!"
"fast not a million questions and most of all let me make my payments in the way i wanted.

Thank you Gerald Williamson"
It was an extremely easy process from the website to dealing with the people face-to-face. Everything went fantastic.
It was quick and easy but most of all the staff is so knowledgeable and friendly.
"It will be one year ago tomorrow that a fraudulent request was made in my name to One Main Financial and several other lending companies. My credit suffered as several Hard Inquiries were placed on my report. After contacting and calling these institutions over the past year, all of the inquiries were removed. All the companies that were duped, removed their mistakes from my report. Except OneMain Financial. They refuse to admit they were wrong and correct their mistake. A lending institution that can't admit they made a mistake, is a company that can't be trusted. One Main is the only lender who refuses to stand corrected. This is one arrogant company not interested in making things right. I would be careful when dealing with them."
The Company representative made my Transaction very smoothly. It’s the reason why I use your company.
The digital screen share experience was so convenient. I was heading to the airport and was able to complete the full process while waiting on my flight. This was a great addition to my experience and I look forward to my partnership with OneMain.
I never wanted to revisit accessing more money however an issue with my HVAC system resulted in a major repair and led to my decision to contact One Main. The process was so easy and quick that I couldn’t believe it. The funds were deposited in less than two days. I’m so happy to know the opportunity was there.
"The application process was painless and staff was very professional. She was very detailed, she explained documents before I signed. Experience was great"
I need an account so I can pay this loan off
"The service I received was amazing. Quick response, friendly service, and my entire transaction ran so smoothly."
The advisor PJ who helped me was very nice and knowledgeable. I didn’t give 5 stars due to the lack of consideration that I was at work and the back to back calls until I answered was a bit too much.
"My rep was awesome. Cant say the same for OneMain in general. I wish your company as a whole, cared for their clients as much as the individual representatives make us feel. You're charging me an EXTREMELY high interest. PLUS I found out that the insurance you're making me purchase is a voluntary action. So you're taking advantage of someone that is already down on her luck and going through hard times. Not cool. Not even for a business."
Very helpful and understanding
"Very professional, very friendly and knowledgeable!! Stephanie did a great job!"
Received an email for a loan. In the email it states will not affect your credit. 3 minutes after I was done checking I get an email saying there was a Hard check on my credit report!!!!!!! Im not happy about this. Totally misinformation at my expense be warned b4 doing this.vey unfair! Thanks for dropping my score 30pts for Nothing!!!!!
"Doris was very helpful, the whole process took only 4 hours including the funding of the loan. Great job!"
My experience was outstanding and very professional and helpful to My needs.
Being able to access some extra funds without gaining another payment to make monthly was great! The staff at the office was excellent and made everything happen very smoothly and efficiently.
"My loan agent made the entire process pleasant, informative and quick. I've applied for small loans in the past so, I was familiar with the process. My representative was nice, patient and knowledgeable. Great experience __"
My experience at the Conyers location has been nothing short of amazing. The customer service is top notch. They do a very thorough job of keeping me informed. There are no misconceptions or confusion when I leave. Thanks again!!
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
Quick and easy! no hassle
Sarah and Justin worked well as a team and got everything done quickly. They are great
Better than expected result. Very helpful. Staff thanks.
OneMain Financial have made big improvements with the customers. My experience was excellent and faster than I was expecting.
Rachel is the rep that has always gone above and beyond. I had some payment issues and she helped by offering options to resolve concerns. She followed up with phone calls on a daily to my sure everything was fine.
Quick service after the enitial phone conversation was over with. Thank you
Easy to apply. Customer service rep was perfect. Help me through the whole process.
They were kind and friendly and helped me out through the whole process including when I couldn’t find my information on my phone
"The staff was very friendly, very professional. We had some good conversations. Well they’re very helpful. Went through everything thoroughly. Make sure I understood what was going on. Thank you."
your rep was very helpful and the loan was quick and easy.
"Great service! Honest and very straight forward! I recommend you talk to Jasmine, she's an expert and very reliable. Same with Aaron."
Quick and easy. The process cannot get any simple.
"It took a little bit, but we got all the paperwork straight now and loan Went through well."
"One main financial was very courteous and professional, everything was explained to me very precisely. I got my loan and I was very happy."
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
"The People that worked on my Loan, were Exceptionally nice, Helpful and professional.
I would Highly recommend this Group of people. Thank You."
My representative was great with getting my loan processed quickly. He was professional and prompt.
Very professional experience with Tina Loan advocate officer that help me get through all steps to get through final steps of getting my loan approved. Loan officer went over all documents and benefits with me and explained what all documents I was signing meant!!
Personnel at OneMain financial was very good communication was outstanding all around good service
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
My experience was very pleasant and the woman who took care of me was very kind and professional!
"I applied for a loan, needed money for a deposit to more with. I keep getting these prequified letters so I applied of course I got denied. My score is board line low. Per Onemain financial they work with all kinda credits. My problem is don't keep sending me prequified letters when yall just denied me or your not going to work with me. That is a foam of harassment followed by agitating things by keep send false hope. That's what I say false advertising yall say one thing then boom nothing. But when you ask the reason why it's not reason the computer generates who get approved or not SMH......"
Everything went great Ms McCoy was wonderful. Your service was justed as great as it was 15years ago. I will let all my friends know about this company.
The people are top notch. Never put you down for your financial issues. Worked hard at getting me the much needed loan.
very personable staff. easy process
"Fast, easy, pleasant."
"I was a little nervous and surprised about whether my loan was approved but,I was excited when it was approved. Your staff made me feel very comfortable.
I am hoping that you will accept another loan soon
Thank you so much for caring and helping me"
every time we went to One Main always great experience always friendly
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
It was easy and quick and fast was very grateful to hope in the office here in Olympia she helped me get through it painlessly
Excellent customer service and communication
Very professional and in and out service no waiting for hours
"Darlene and the staff at the Warsaw office are incredible. They made sure I was aware of what I was signing up for, how it would affect future payments and then offered other options. I wouldn't trust anyone else with my financial needs like I trust Darlene and Tracy."
"The young ladies are always friendly, helpful and understanding. Very detailed in explaining and answering my questions."
You will always be my five stars __ and always be my family and that's what me and my wife think thank you all
The transaction went very fast and easy with Rose she's very helpful.
I enjoyed working with Teri. She understood exactly what I needed and how to help me obtain additional funds to fix my car.
"Everyone at the office was great, especially the person that I worked with. I was worries when I went to the office and they were able to help me. I was able to pay for the memorial service and cremation, pay off eight credit cards, pay off my car loan, and make a dent in the remaining credit cards. Thank you One Main."
"The people working there were just absolutely awesome, answered every question and explained it well. I would definitely recommend to family and friends"
There’s so many wonderful things I can say about One Main Financial. One of the most important things I will say is the loan process is very simple and the funds are available right away. The staff is great and the atmosphere is always pleasant when I go to the branch in Wayne Michigan. I’ll continue to do business with them in the future because I always feel satisfied wherever I’m dealing with one main financial. Keep up the great work guys!!!!
"Garrett was very pleasant, helpful, and efficient."
"Brent made the experience easier, and helped me feel comfortable making this transaction."
"My experience with One Main they have always help me when I need financial assistance, I have known them for 5 years or more. Thank you ladies"
"Great Service, Courteous, Professional and Great Attitudes. I look, forward to seeing them again, and doing more business."
The young man was really great He explain everything to me and Answer my questions and concerns
Nitzia is awesome…felt like she cared about us and our financial needs. Very professional and recommend using OneMain____
"The process from beginning to end was almost effortless, the team of people I interacted with where very professional and courteous to my needs."
Great co.the people where so helpful.they helpted with a loan that made it possible for me to get my new ac heatpump system.my wife and i thank you people very very much.
The service I received was great I would recommend this loan company to anyone in need for there help am grateful for there help and supports
"The same day I got approved, the same day the funds was in my account. I couldn’t believe it ."
"Excellent communication, quick start to finish process. Highly recommended"
Easy process. Ms. Haas was ver pleasant & professional. Closed I 1 day after speaking on phone
Great team.. very helpful
"My experience with OneMain was the professionalism of the office staff. They guided me step by step through the process of the loan. They shared stories about other clients, on how OneMain has help build their credit scores. They answered all my questions and concerns. They presented packages to protect the loan and me, if I got sick or layoff from work. I felt very comfortable and pleased."
"They explain all of your loan process, so you can understand what you are doing and what you are signing."
He very professional and very polite. The process was easy and quick . He was very knowledgeable about the loan as well .
The quickness of approval with the ability to get the funds the same day was amazing! Along with great customer service. The One Main Rep was extremely professional and enjoyable.
The great customer service and professionalism that l received. The ease l felt with speaking with someone about the loan was easy and explained to me with ease. Answered all my questions with knowledge. Thank you Ms. Shajuana Palmore for a fantastic experience.
Francisa and Sam are amazing people. They are great to work with. They helped me out really well. Would definitely recommend those two.
Jared was professional and loan was approved and done within a couple hours
Julio was amazing. He really went above the call of duty to get me a loan. He knew his job well and I was very comfortable. Thanks so much
"One Main was easy to work with, my loan specialist was knowledgeable, helpful, professional and very polite."
I like because they don't take longer to process the application also is some of you question I believe is was necessary. But there other way everything is good.
The staff was very knowledgeable and professional
"Kind and patient , total respect!"
I have gotten and paid off several loans with one main abd have always had a good experience. The people are friendly and fair.
People are nice there
Not understanding how your interest is more than the loan you got
"Tammy was fantastic! She was friendly and helpful to get what I needed, quickly. My experience here was flawless!"
Excellent customer service. They made our visit very easy and they gave us a lot of information about our options before we did any business with them. I will definitely be back and will recommend them to my friends. ____ Great job!!
The service was professional the employees were kind respectful and helpful but the high interest rates were not all that great
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
the staff was very professional and nice.
"Everyone was very helpful, especially,, the agent that worked with me Connor."
The lady that helped me Annaka was just the sweetest __
The process was not difficult and the money arrived just in time for me I would recommend one main financial Tony friends and family
John was friendly and professional. He answered my questions and gave me his advice as to the best decision for my particular situation. The website was user friendly. I am very pleased. Thank you.
David Linkous helped me and my wife get the money we needed to remodel our bathroom. We were able to do most of the application process online and only had to come in to finalize the loan. Thank you for all your help
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
"When ever I need a loan, I know to always count on OneMain. I've tried others and it's always a nightmare or it takes days and days for a response, but with OneMain, they are the best. They are professional and always find ways to help with a loan. I will continue to use them. Thank you"
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
So easy and quick. It was my first time and I was expecting it to be difficult but it was a breeze
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
The ease of the people's attitude and friendly atmosphere. I will always keep one main In my list of favorite lenders.
Syreeta was great how she treated me with compassion and understanding and really made me feel comfortable with my tough situation. She found an option that I didn’t know was there and it has already helped me clear up some outstanding debt.
The gentleman I spoke with was very well respectable.
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
GREAT COMMUNICATION KEPT ME UPDATE THROUGHOUT ENTIRE PROCESS
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
"Awesome people to work with, they explained everything and answered all questions."
I was so very easy and everything was explained to us. check in the bank the next day. they are there when you need them thank you
"Awesome, Service"
The agent explained everything very well
The closing process was easy and the loan officer is honest and easy to understand. The terms are fair and you can always pay the balance off early if you can without penalties.
"It was quick and easy, being uneasy about taking out a loan no matter what the amount is, One Main was willing to take the time to explain everything which took a lot of stress off me. I can’t say enough about them.
Thank you One Main"
The person who work with me new what he was doing
One Main Financial Was Very Professional something that seems to Lack in this world. They get a 20 in customer services Every time I called nothing but Professionalism
The ladies at our branch were very friendly and professional in all our dealings. The time it took was optimal and we had our money in just a couple of hours
"This was a terrible experience and I will be paying this loan off asap and never doing business with this financial institution again. This institution does not take debt consolidation into consideration when it comes to debt ratio although that’s the basis of their advertisement. They would also not take into consideration the fact that the beginning of a new year wouldn’t reflect any of my normal quarterly bonuses that are (as a financial institution should know) paid at the end of the quarter. The customer service representative wasn’t prepared for my loan closing and vs properly rescheduling, I had to call him several times to close my loan."
"My Loan Assistant RJ was great. Very knowledgeable, answering all my questions. VERY PROFESSIONAL"
"From the first phone call to to my visit at the office,they made it all so easy and understandable. Very professional and friendly."
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
"Outstanding service, very detailed and stress free process ."
Everyone kept tossing me around . Took 2 days to finally close. The person that closed for me was great.
My experience was one to brag about . Everything from start to finish was excellent. Representative was very detail and organized. She made the process so much easier for me. I appreciate how quick and smooth everything went.
Michelle in Abingdon was just wonderful to deal with. Had to reschedule on her twice because of weather but she was so understanding. Never pressured me to come in and didn’t bug me with calls everyday. Just a wonderful person that made for a great experience. I hope this review finds her and finds her well.
"All my options/choices were clearly explained. And, the representative was awesome. Very nice, friendly and knowledgeable."
Staff was very helpful.
"I was treated very well,and every thing about loan was explained ."
"Very professional and very detailed, especially for over-the-phone transactions."
Great experience __..very easy and fast!I would recommend to anyone
they were really helpful and it was a quick and easy process
"This is one of my best credict card, for real thanks u for the oportunity to uses ur service, loud paimend, very helping,...i love it"
Great!!! And awesome
Walked in and the environment was wonderful. Curtious was wonderful also. Gave you a relaxing feeling.
"Date of experience: January 31, 2024"
Crystal and Linda were both excellent to work with. They gave me several great options and let me choose. I felt no pressure to get the add-ons. It was a great and quick process with low interest. I highly recommend them!
"All I say ! Life saver. Thanks Onemain.
My CSR was an awesome employ. She is an asset for Onemain."
The process was smooth and easy. In less than 30 minutes I had the funds in my account.
Good loaning site
They took my needs very serious and they work hard on getting me what I wanted
"Unprofessional, bunch of kids I had to chase around to get any follow up. Watched from window as my calls were repeatedly ignored. Little care, not worth the rates. Would steer clear"
"The man I spoke with had an altitude!!! He was not understanding or helpful at all, TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE."
Very prompt in contacting me explain everything thing in detail very helpful
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
The ability to be able to do it all online. And Chris was very helpful with everything.
"Super easy, the customer service provided by Ashley at the office was great."
they hardly ever called me back also we closed on dec 12 but they were going to pay off 2 of my capital ones it took almost a month which resulted in late charges for both accounts I would like my money back for the late charges resulting in 50 dollars
"They were quick and got the money within 20 minutes of being approved. Very professional and helpful during the process. Made sure that we were in a small private cubicle, out of hearing reach to others. Prior to going in, was asked to bring in the needed information, so there were no surprises."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Austin did a great job for me not once but twice in a very short time I really appreciate him taking my call and hanging in there with my request and needs. Keep doing a great job buddy if I need anything at all I'll call you first!
"Great customer service, very helpful. Thank you"
This was the first yime I have taken a loan like this. The 2 ladies that helped me through their process were very cordial and supportive. They explained things very well and completely.
It was so easy to start a lone online. And in a very short time after that a representative gave me a call to finish things up. Shawn from the Mount Pleasant office was very thorough and extremely helpful in presenting several options and assisting me with my needs. Great experience from start to finish.
Working with One Main is a joy. The team is respectful and knowledgeable.
"Ms Santana handled my loan request. She was thorough, professional, and very friendly. Ms Santana made me feel extremely comfortable as she went over the closing documents and explained everything in an expert way,as well as she provided me with comprehensive explanation of various loan options.
I like the fact that OneMain Financial has an office located in Waycross.. giving me the opportunity to establish a relationship in my community.
The process was painfree as I was nervous about the transaction I was entering into. But felt good because of the opportunity to work with a financial group locally.
Thank you for your help with my financial needs. It was a great pleasure.
With best wishes
Darryl J Johnson"
"No waiting, got the funds as soon as I needed it. Paperwork was on point and didn't have worry about taking a lot of unnecessary Paperwork home."
Erica was very stright and to the point she had a wonderful attitude she was able to answer all my questions in a timely manner thanks for everything you did for me
"Tonya is the best! Knowledgeable, quick, professional, and friendly! Highly recommend One Main Financial."
OMF made it so easy.
The account manager Joy made the process very easy to obtain the loan.
Process was easy. Carla was very knowledgeable and helpful.
I was skeptical at first but everything was explained to me. The paperwork was simple and I received my money within hours after completing the paperwork
"Honesty, convenient location and promptness, friendly"
The entire experience was very pleasant & painless. The staff was extremely informative & made me feel comfortable throughout the process. I would highly recommend OneMain Financial to anyone who needs their services.
Our experience was great! Andrea Hufford communicated so well with us and prepared everything ahead of time! She was great!!
It was a quick and easy process. Thank you.
"Date of experience: January 11, 2024"
I was very satisfied with them. They were all friendly and well trained in their jobs and made my day very pleasant
Be helpful to people and nice thanks __
"It’s very hard to say yes I’m struggling and need help. Thankfully Jessica is amazing and made me feel comfortable and relieved knowing I’m going to be able to pay things off and be comfortable doing it. Im
Very thankful for your company"
"I recently financed a vehicle through this company and found them to be very flexible and supportive throughout the whole application process. I was helped by an agent named Courtlyn, she was helpful and very thorough throughout the process and let me say she is the example of a patient, professional, and very helpful agent. I wish there were more people like her in the workforce!"
Good service although I am still confused on few questions
Easily completed the forms and quick approval.
Both ladies were very knowledgeable of their job and the details of the loan. Thank You.
An amazing facility with awesome resources for financial support and growth! Awesome staff that care to help us customers! Very beneficial!
Jill was great! Very knowledgeable and friendly! She’s a keeper!
"Customer service was professional, great on my needs, helped with application and finalizing the process."
Angie was awesome! She was very knowledgeable and courteous. She helped me get the right loan terms for what I needed. Quick and easy online processing too.
Very friendly and professional service. Was able to get in the same day and everything was taken care of.
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
My loan specialist was very helpful and understanding. Thank you!
Cindy was very informative and helpful. My loan process was smooth and successful. Thank you again Cindy. Everyone was friendly.
It is always a pleasure doing business with any of the associate in the Johnstown office have dealt with all of them for different reasons and have always had excellent service.
"Monica from the Rosemead office made my experience great and she had great follow through. If it wasn't for her, I wouldn't have gone through with the loan."
Gretchen did an awesome job was in and out in a timely manner.
"Easy, simple"
Miss Janet was very patient and understanding and gave me valuable information
The company is a great in customer service
The gentleman I had was great to do my business with.
It was quick and easy with great help from Brandon.
"Ashley was professional, knowledgeable and thorough, who could ask for more? Office easy to get to and electronic signing convenient. The process was seamless and funding was timely. Thank you for an excellent experience!"
Very nice and helpful! Good services
"Everything went well,service was great no waiting,no hassels everything was explained in a way that i could understand."
"I was very impressed. I made the decision to get a loan with a lot of reservations. Mainly because I dreaded the thought of a time-consuming and tedious process. I was pleasantly surprised by how easy the process was, and how quickly Dana turned it around! I would recommend it to anybody."
"Cynthia was very diligent, courteous and knowledgeable. She did a great customer service experience!"
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Your personnel. Professionable, thoural, personable and best customer service I have had in forever."
"My experience and the process was quick, simple, and relaxing to to."
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"I was treated with friendly respectful courtesy. Given all the info that I needed and made the process very easy.
I will recommend One Main to anyone who needs help. Thank You Cecelia !!!"
The customer service is impeccable. These ladies are always friendly and helpful with anything we need at any time.
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Very happy with the costume support
I got my loan to finish my project"
They do a good job and help me in every way and make me understand what was available.
"Fast, knowledgeable and good communication"
Just terrible in every way. I’ve sold cars for 8 years and never saw a customer go through what I did. The dealership and bank were never on the same page
Mts. jackie was very nice she explain She explained everything she went over. Each piece of paperwork and I splayed each piece of paperwork and extremely well. Her service was outstanding she's a very nice person kind and caring.
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
They really took care of what I needed. They kept me smiling and happy.
Friendly people the entire process took one day
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Very fast, very easy and very professional. Helped me out in a terribly rough time."
Just so long to get ready it was nothing on the first time the very first time they came in three years ago four years ago much better now you got all these new girls they don't know what the hell to do except for one the one who did his last she was on point
"Awesome experience with the Frederick MD office. No stress, pressure or confusion. Just great customer service and extremely fast service… I was really surprised at the timeliness of receiving needed funds."
Fast and easy process. Will definitely recommend onemain financial to others. Customer service is top tier!
I Would recommend it to anyone easy To talk to the people that work there.
"Even though I came in early from a previous appointment, my loan person gave me an appointment for the next day. She was fast and kind. She called the next week to let me know of any follow ups and payback amounts. I plan to pay my loan back early. This loan was necessary for major home repair and debt consolidation."
My experience with OneMsun was fantastic and will recomend to all my friends.
"A very nice young lady name Nancy helped me from the woodbridge, va office. She was amazing! Very professional and extremely helpful. I recommend working with her for anything you need."
"I would highly recommend One Main Financial to everyone. Their customer service is excellent. Their main objective is to ensure the customer is taken care of!! I would give them a ""10"" star rating."
They were very helpful & sweet ty for everything God bless you all
Was a very smooth and painless process. Will use them again for sure!!!
The service I received was exceptional. Every step of the process was very thorough and I was able to get the information that I needed to make a informed decision.
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 16, 2024"
Was very helpful in everything that we needed.
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Our representative was amazing! Easy to understand, very helpful and quick and seemed eager to get us the best customer service!"
Super easy Process! Friendly Staff
My experience is always warm and excellent service
Very nice people and also very easy to do.
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"The employee was fantastic, informative and made the process so much easier!"
This people take care me very professional
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
"This was the most effortless experience I've had in a long time dealing with a service agent. The agents/ loan representatives were very very helpful in explaining my loan contract, they answered all my questions and assured that I understood each detail before signing any of the paperwork. Everything was done electronically and the whole process was so easy. I would recommend them to my friends."
It is important to know that they are there to help you carry out your projects in a short time.
"YOUR ASSOCIATE, ABBY, WAS MOST ACCOMMODATING AND TOOK HER TIME EXPLAINING EACH ISSUE AND DID NOT TRY TO SELL ME ANY PRODUCT OTHER THAN THE LOAN I HAD APPLIED FOR = ALWAYS A PLEASURE WORKING WITH ONEMAIN FINANCIAL"
Thank you again. You always there when I need it. The process was easy and quick thank you again five stars for me
"Borrowing funds and then receiving such funds makes life more enjoyable. The stress relief is so great ! Thank you so much.
The sales agent was very helpful and made the loan process an easy process."
Always amazing customer service n gose the extra mile to handle the details
"Date of experience: January 25, 2024"
Brain was wonderful!! So helpful
"Angel was extremely professional and friendly, especially during a week with horrible weather and numerous building issues. The team at OMF was still working hard regardless of building issues to help people. Thanks OMF as always great financial institution."
My experience was streamlined with no issues. Very easy and very quick to receive the loan in my back account. Thank you.
"Great customer service __ ____ ____
1-25-2024
Shirley watson"
My most recent experience was EXCELLENT!! My Representative was EXTREMELY helpful and professional. The process was expedient and streamlined. I was Very Pleased. Thank you
"The bank was nice,however i still dont have my vehicle, been 2 weeks since purchase.no one seems to want to help this issue."
"Really fast and honest.
Easy to work with"
Wilmarie was excellent
"Good morning, my experience would have been better had I been able to get more money but overall, they accommodated my needs."
"I work out of town alot and have limited service alot. Sometimes my payments might be a week or 2 late but I am a repeat customer for several loans and always paid them off.
In Colorado Springs the branch at Austin bluffs is terrible. They will hassle you after normal business hours, calling from several different numbers. They dont leave voicemails or messages or emails. They never call you to make payment arrangements but they call wanting you to just make a payment instead.
Cathy is beyond rude and shouldnt be working in customer service. I had to call them after hours and basically yell at them to quit calling my phone 4 to 6 times daily...now they only call me twice a day but it is always after 6pm cause they think I am home.
Once my loan is paid off I will never use One Main again. Until they learn what harassment is and revamp the way they contact individuals that are hard to reach I will never give them other than a terrible review. They even call on Saturdays and Sundays, all the time."
I review businesses and products some for rebates some after they give you a loan or whatever you're happy you need the money so you go out and you give them a positive review I would not recommend One main financial to a dog I started to get a personal loan through them myself their interest rate yes depending up on your credit nonetheless are through the roof take advantage of people really needing money but when I really saw how sorry low down pathetic and good for nothing they were when my old man's laying in the hospital after having a heart attack this sorry excuse for a company calls and he tells I'm in hosting Valley like been transported to another hospital oh well we really need to get your payment no m*********** no matter what your job is you need to get your s*** together and say you know we understand your sick right now call us as soon as you get out there's no excuse for being a sorry human being and there's no company needs their money that bad if it was three four months behind I could see a day late a day late. So if you go when you're desperate need for a loan Carla whatever it is that your money need maybe and later on something happens this is not going to be the bank that says oh let me look at my computer and see how we can help you we've been a customer of ours for years or anything else it's going to be Where's My money where's my money
The interest rate is outrageous. I reviewed my account to see why it’s taking long to pay down this loan only to see that out of $189 only $17 was towards the principle. I feel like I’ve been paying them forever. This is something I will never do again.
"Worst company ever I am trying to their head quarters better bureau
I applied for a $2,500.00 loan. They asked for the title to my car until the load was paid off. Then my husband was going on as a co signed still want the title. 700 fico score. Need emergency loan. Taking this to the top"
"I was pre-qualified through credit karma for a secured personal loan using my vehicle. I was approved for the loan after contacting the bank. I sent all the required documents. They did a hard inquiry on my credit said I was approved. Then asked how many miles I had on the vehicle and turned me down because my 2005 truck had 208,000 miles. What a disappointment! Terrible business practice! __"
Thay were very friendly and explained everything to me and I received my lone in one day and the offer Thay gave me was great that's why I gave them a four star it was great thanks.
I felt rushed. She seemed like she was trying to just get it over a quick as possible. If I didn't need the money so much I would have walked out. When I chose a cheaper loan she said no you have to do the higher one.
"Jeffrey made the process pain less. He was vey knowledgeable, patient, and professional."
"Quick, efficient and informative. Thanks for your help, Jake!"
The staff was very polite and knowledgeable. They walked me through the process and answered all my questions.
I was disappointed to find that one main listed my loan and actual dollar amount on line.I thought thT was private. Why must future creditors know the dollR amount without asking me.
"The ladies that assisted me were very polite, helpful and answered all of my questions and/or concerns."
"They will pre approve you after they run your credit for one amount. In the end, they will offer you half of the original amount. Now you have the inquiry on your credit either way. They also push for collateral loans to get you what they originally offered you.

I hate to do any business when companies are not clear and upfront."
Do NOT apply for a loan through OneMain Financial. They denied my loan. They put a hard for inquiry on my CBR for TWO years. I have asked for a goodwill removal as I have been working hard to fix my score. They flat out refuse. __
"The excellent customer service that was given and the questions that were answered respectfully and didn’t seem they were tired of answering them even if I did seem a tad confused , very patient"
Loan processer was very helpful and was able to complete the entire process online.
It is easy to transact business with One Main Financial
working with the most professional and nice people to get my loan
"The process was easy, all parts of the loan explained thoroughly, and it had never been easier to apply. The staff was helpful, courteous, and amazing the entire time."
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
Very kind and helpful. Went through everything thoroughly.
The loan process is straightforward and you are updated throughout the process. The staff is excellent and available to answer questions or provide any help needed.
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
The ease of getting the deal done. Chris is a fantastic down to earth real person.
The lady was very knowledgeable and helpful and efficient and fast! She even remembered some things from my prior loan. She was great and professional!
The customer service and the knowledge of the business.
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"This company needs to come down off these high interest rates and payments it has. Also, need to try and work more with their customers when they are having financial issues. Need better ways of paying off the loan other than just simply refinancing back for another 5 years of their life. The interest is crazy on these loans as well and if you use a car for the collateral you should be able to have a pay off on that car incase you are needing to get another car. Cars don't last forever."
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
Gracie was very helpful and patient and explained everything to a T. I give her 5 stars.
"The entire staff is exceptional at doing their very best at helping the customer feel at ease. They cover all your information in order to get the very best offer they can find for you. Their friendly, courteous and most helpful. What could be a stressful situation was a very pleasant one."
I had a few loan options. Jack went over the details of each option with me & then I was given time to decide which option best fit my needs. The whole loan process was completed in a timely manner. Jack was very knowledgeable.
The team cares of about the customers by showing gratitude and appreciation for coming to they location for a loan. The team never force or try to persuade you to do anything that you don’t want to do. They work diligently to get you the best loan possible and the one that works for you.
"Quick, easy, and expensive.."
Very friendly staff and even though asking for money it was enjoyable
"The lady who worked with me, Cathy was great. She explained and helped me through the entire process,
great customer service!!"
"Easy to process, loan was very helpful with a descent rate and they worked with me on everything that I needed. Very very satisfied"
"Valerie the agent who assisted me walk me through the process. She also made me knowledgeable the different programs incase I lost work due to sickness. She was very friendly, respectable, and polite. Valerie even called to make me aware of each step in the process."
Talking to different people concerning my loan and having them to catch up from the last conversations I had with other reps.
"The finance agent was courteous, helpful and patient."
"Super easy, hassle free. Luis was a fabulous ray of sunshine. Filled out paper work 2 hrs later money was transferred. My bank made it available next morning. As my credit improves I am hoping they will let me refinance at a lower interest rate"
I receive offer after offer saying I’m approved and fill out the application and they can never approve anything. Only puts a ding on my credit!!!! Stop sending approvals if you can’t follow thru with help____
Agent was very helpful and knowledgeable. Made process of getting the loan approved hassle free.
"I completed the loan application just after 9:00am. By 5:00pm I had been approved and the funds were deposited into my account! The entire process was seamless! My OneMain loan officer, Angela, was very thorough in explaining each step and was a joy to work with."
My experience was amazing! Fast with the service! It felt like I’ve known them for years.
Worst company to get a loan!!! Did a title loan with Chuck in Oroville California and paid it off in October 2023 and was promised title would be mailed in 30 days. It’s January 17th and still no title. Called and so many excuses and always someone else’s fault. Called the corporate office and now they are supposedly sending me a lean release for me to have to go to DMV to get a title which I will have to pay for! So don’t do a title loan with this company for when y’all pay it off you will have to do the leg work just to get it back. I would have given it 0 stars but that was not an option.
"I didn’t feel pressured in any way. The writer was polite, knowledgeable and respectful. He allowed me to ask questions without interruption. The process was simple and didn’t take forever."
Very nice & professional.
"The process was fast and easy. Daniel was amazing, he is very professional and knowledgeable."
"The girl we worked with was knowledgeable and treated us very nice .
It didn't take long at all.
We were very happy with the whole process."
"Spoke with a representative by the name of Diane. She was very rude. She also lacked information, and seemed to care less. Please someone review this call that I had with your representative(Jan 17 2024 at approx 2:55pm) this is customer service at its WORST. Very disappointed with the professionalism."
"Friendly Workers. Information was on point, convenient."
My experience with OneMain was exceptional as always. The associates went above and beyond to make the process seamless. John A.
"I am very pleased with OneMain Financial and how they conduct themselves when assisting with what I need to borrow. They were very respectful and caring of my needs. Even though I had some complications with my internet, they did not just give up but tried everything they could to assist. I would recommend OneMain Financial to anyone who needs assistance with paying off some debts. It was very quick and easy."
Great customer service and easy loan process.
Frank was easy to talk with and he answered all of our questions. This process from start to finish was smooth and convenient.
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Hannah is great
She made the process so simple and painless"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
I took my daughter for her first new car and the process was smooth but took a long time actually all day but in the end we left with a new car for her she was extremely happy so So was I the employees were great and the office nice clean and friendly.
"From start to finish this was a seamless process, with great customer service and support"
"I requested to borrow $4,000 and it showed that I was approved but when the person called me, she was talking about needing collateral. To get the collateral, I would have to borrow enough to pay off my car (approx $8,000) and then use my car as collateral for the $4,000 that I needed. So basically, you're asking me to borrow $12,000 for the sake of needing $4,000. To best is that the interest rate on the $8,000 to pay off my car would be higher than the interest rate I'm paying now on the car loan! Nothing but a money-grubbing scam ... would not recommend them to anyone!"
Is was easy to get the loan
"They were so incredibly friendly, kind and replied with the sense of urgency I needed. Thank you!! Thank you!!"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
Olivia was great. She made everything easy and processed everything quickly. I truly appreciate it. Everyone was very friendly.
Joseph was so helpful and patient. He helped us a lot!
Super quick and very streamlined! Made for an easy process. Would highly recommend.
I was approved and picked up the check on next business day. Walmart cash check for free due to bank advised a hold. I have 680 credit score did not have to use collateral. Interest about $70. Would definitely do business again
OneMain Financial provided me with a loan when I really needed it for household expenses and bills. Their customer service representative was very knowledgeable and walked me through each of the processes involved in securing the loan. I would recommend anyone who needs a loan to consider getting a loan from OneMain Financial.
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Fast, friendly and gave lots of options. Didn’t put any pressure on me."
Could tell the loan officer was nervous. Talked and told me way too much of his personal life. Process took longer than I was expecting. But he was very helpful.
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 11, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
My overall experience was excellent I called in and Talk to Kristina she was very helpful over the phone arranged everything we set up an appointment I went in and it went exactly like it was supposed to. Kristine was very helpful and informative something you don't find very often these days.
Personal very helpful and kind… I was in and out like a flash very happy of treatment of loan officer…
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Very polite people, process was very straightforward would highly recommend"
Cassie was amazing. Super kind and helpful. Best customer service I’ve seen in a long time!
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
Very helpful and supportive. Very experienced. Thank you so much for everything.
"I answered all of your survey question positive. Please review yes all of them were very helpful professionals.
Aim looking for work i do not have time to answerer you every day. Please do not send again"
Very fast and very profesisonal all the staff
It was easy and fast to get a loan and the customer service was great.
The communication was fantastic! The customer service lady I worked with was phenomenal!
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
My consultant had an emergency when I got to the office. However the other two employees was very helpful and accommodating. Thank them for their wonderful service.
"They are so kind and work with you to get all the necessary paperwork in. They were really fast and had great offers, allowing me to choose the payment that best suited me. Two thumbs up to One Main and all their hard working employees."
Nice easy process they walk you through the whole process and answer all your questions. thank you OMF
fast and amazing service
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
Very informative and guide me through all the steps necessary to complete the loan process. The customer service was excellent and did not make me feel pressured to make a decision.
"Error
Money was late"
"Jordan
Was amazing extremely knowledgeable
and helpful all throughout the process"
"The East Point Location was awesome. The young lady that handled my loan was courteous, prompt, and patient."
They were very nice and polite to me. They were quick and had my loan done in a few minutes.
"I rate my experience with One Main as a 5 star. They were prompt, courteous, with reasonable terms and easy. I really appreciate One Main for being there in my time of need. I have recommended them to two other people. Thank you."
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
OneMain Financial is straightforward and pretty easy to deal with.
"Had the pleasure of working with Tanya. She was very friendly and professional,as always. I've been working with them 3 years and they always seem to be right on time, when I'm in a bind. Thanks one main!"
Excellent customer service!
"The experience was good, fast & very professional. The lady that helped me was very knowledgeable, pleasant & efficient."
Very speedy and efficient. Micheal was very profesional.
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
The whole process was easy from application to communication with my loan officer to sign paperwork and getting the funds.
Great customer service. Happy with the service they provided.
It was a quick and smooth transaction. Jennifer was great with me and explained and offered me different options. I would definitely recommend
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 17, 2024"
I was in a tight situation where my better half ran off with our car leaving me with nothing and One Financial through M&M's Auto Sales help me get me in a vehicle that I like service was great I am very very thankful and happy
"The company Manager and Mrs. Denise was very professional and helpful, I appreciate the Manager made it possible for me to get my loan.This is my second time getting a loan from this company Thank you again"
It was so simple and easy to apply for a loan. This is the 2nd time you have saved me!
"I filled out a loan application in 2021. The deal fell thru, I didn’t borrow the money. This open inquiry is still affecting my credit rating. It stays on your credit report for two years. I’ve made phone calls requesting the inquiry be removed to your head office. Someone there told me to call some credit bureau. I’ve received no satisfaction."
Loan representative was very helpful and easy to work with.
They r great! Very helpful! Thku so much for your help! R dog is doing well!I give u 5 stars excellent!
The staff was great and everything was easy and seamless
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
The representative & the steps. I appreciate the opportunity you gave me to even get the loan. I hope & pray other people get the opportunity.
"Received immediate attention, and the staff made the process easy and comfortable. I received the loan before I had driven home from the office!"
"They are hospitable, respectful and fast in service."
"I have decided to change my earlier review that I had previously left. My wife and I were approved for a loan amount of $12,368 based on the value of my wife's car. As part of the loan process, One Main requested that a loan to Wells Fargo issued in my name which I was not keen on doing. Supposedly, a check was mailed to Wells Fargo in the amount of $3,939.00 to pay off loan. As of today (01/13/2024), the check has not been received by Wells Fargo. One Main Financial has offered every excuse in the world to say that the check was indeed mailed on 12/28/2023. They have even claimed that Wells Fargo may be holding the check to make sure it is a good check. Even if that is so, the time for that to have occurred has already passed by. One Main Financial has refused to do anything except make sure that I will make their payment on the designated due date. i have contacted Wells Fargo to be on the lookout for the check. One Main Financial should step up and do a thorough investigation into where the check is. The check has surely have had enough time to be posted to my account at Wells Fargo. One Main has stated that their check writing company has confirmed and has offered to do a stop payment on the check after 30 days. That act would mean that I will have to make another installment payment to Wells Fargo plus make two payments to One Main Financial during that same thirty day period. That suggestion is ludicrous."
"I enjoyed our visit with misty she was very helpful in explaining everything to us, she was really nice."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"I applied for a loan four times since it was difficult to get all the ducks in a row. Jason didn't seem to care about me and my family at all. I was told they don't look at your credit which mine is fair. I was told a family member could use their vehicle as collateral but I wasn't told over several weeks that the vehicle must be paid off if loan amount small. I don't consider $5,000 to be a small amount but that's what was still owed on the vehicle. I feel like Jason dropped the ball and wasn't honest from the beginning. We were not approved for a loan so that's it but it would have been nice to know this weeks ago. They act like it's easy and anybody can get a loan but that's not true."
"Huge shoutout to the whole Lake Charles area OneMain Financial team, especially Christina! For getting me approved and her excellent customer service!"
Individualized service. Full explanation of loan. Prompt response.
"Great people, and very helping. The app however not a fan."
"I am not one to write a bad review, but I’m afraid I will have to this time. Two years ago, I paid off this loan. My husband had just had open heart surgery had five bypasses. And now for two years almost I have been trying to get one main financial to release the electronic lien they have on my truck I have called, I have sent emails, my husband has called, he’s called everybody he can think of, we sent emails and they still will not release the electronic lien on my truck. They do not have a good customer service. They do not do what they say they are going to do and now I’m gonna have to get a lawyer to get my title to my truck released. Please be careful do not get a loan, once you in, you’ll never get out again I have had alone with them for so many years. I’m ashamed of it I should never had to use them. I hope that someone will think before they take along with these people. Please be careful."
"Once again, you’re there when I need you thanks again for your help"
lady was only interested in selling miscellaneous. came with a sticky note and when asked questions did not know answer and claimed I was disrupting her flow (for her sales pitch which I was not a all interested in) almost went out and cancelled the whole thing
I will say that my experience was a good one. It did help a lot that there is always someone nice and patient helping you navigate through everything. It did take longer than I thought but than again that's how it is now days when you get a loan. In a few words... I would recomend OneMain Financial. Thank you.
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"Well done, took very good care of all my needs and very helpful"
"Easy Peasy.
Applied online. Went to the local office. Left with a check.
Saved my butt, Thanks."
John helped me and explained everything throughout the whole process. Everything went as smooth as possible.
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"I've received 5-8 spam calls from these people a day for the last 25 days or so. At first they were humans so I was able to politely ask them to remove me from their call lists. Now they are just the same (depressing sounding) recordings, so I don't even have the option to talk to anyone. I block the number of ever call I get, and at this point if you look at my call history I literally have hundreds of calls from One Main Financial. I'm on the ""Do Not Call"" federal registry and have even reported their spam calls on the federal website and still get spam.

Do not support companies that propagate these practices. They are banking on the fact that they might get ahold of someone who is either ignorant of their options or desperate enough to talk to them."
"Date of experience: January 08, 2024"
The patience and willingness to answer all questions.
"I started my transaction with the OneMain Financial in Winder Georgia with the representative by the name of Justin . He was rude and inconsiderate. Not one time did he ever follow through on when he said he would call back. It only takes a second to follow through and say hey I don’t have any update or I’m gonna be busy. Just wanted to let you know once I’m done I will give you a call. I was the one always having to reach out. I transferred my business to the OneMain Financial in Grayson, Georgia and me and my wife dealt with Summer__ who was a complete delight she did everything she said she would do, she followed through, no matter what her circumstances was she took care of her customer, which made a world a difference to me and my wife anyone who knows me knows that I am the nicest guy in the world but when I know someone is lying to me I will call them out on that , my business will forever be with Summer__ at the Grayson Georgia location. I would never recommend OneMain Financial in Winder Georgia to anyone."
The representative Yamhill Rodriguez make everything so easy no stress and the prosses of the loan was fast.i will recommend to friends.
Excellent service. very Conveniently completed
After applying online I was contacted within minutes. I actually went into the office to take care of the paperwork. Everything was done quickly and with a smile.
"Professional, courteous and timely customer service.
Rarely in a lot of businesses do you get good customer service. My experience in the office in Glenwood IL was awesome."
Very easy process and very informative agent.
"Susie was very professional and thorough. She really worked at getting me the loan I needed, and helped me understand the world of finance better. Thank you for your help."
Customer service was great and personable. All of my questions were answered and everything was clear and easy to understand.
Duvan was excellent and very sharp. I was so happy with the timing of the whole process and the offer was simply amazing’
Excellent service by Guadalupe Navarete. she was very informative and very helpful.
They had most everything done over the phone and they were the friendliest people. I worked with Susan and I would recommend her highly
The whole process was easy. I only needed proof of income and my drivers license. I was pleasantly surprised.
Was fast getting everything done and Lauren especially awesome. Pleasure getting loan. Thanks
They were very good service about what they did for me. They were very nice and very helpful for me. They were really good to me as a customer. They know what to do.
Easy process. No contact . Direct deposit.
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
Great service he was very awesome thank you so much for his help
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"I found OneMain to be very efficient and friendly. I went to their Corona office and everyone was great. My agent, Jennifer Robles, was professional and answered every question I had. She was not hurried or impatient and did a great job. She was able to explain my options and I felt no pressure to complete the process unless I truly was interested."
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
Friendly and fast service from start to finish.
Just the entire process was great and great employees.
Wonderful customer service. Very friendly and knowledgeable.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"Easy process, fast response and communication was excellent."
"Outstanding Customer Support in the Madison, Alabama Office always ready to help you out.I have going there for many years. Thanks"
"Working with Mrs Gracie, she is very professional and treated me with respect. One main Finacial is a place I would recommend to my family and friends any day!"
Miss tamaica made it quick and easy for the approval and I greatly appreciate her getting me taken care of
"Professional, friendly , attentive , very informative, and to the point !
Thank you Valeria"
I had loans from them before. There service is very professional and helpful.
"The representative was pushy ,on other things I was not interested in and would not stop talking. Besides that the online application was simple"
"I didn't get the money I was told,I would get,miss print in check,"
Tammy was fantastic and went the extra mile for me. When I called into the office all the staff members were friendly and polite. Had my loan immediately. Will always recommend One main financial
"Eric Did phenomenal on assisting me with my loan, im definitely coming back to him if i need another loan!"
"Loan application, discussions with representative (Janet Bennett) and loan closing went very smoothly. Ms. Bennett explained the process and loan details in a comprehensive and understandable manner."
"worked quickly, easy to do"
"My loan rep, Cassandra, was friendly, knowledgeable, and patient!

The loan process was quick and easy.

Thank you for helping me reach my financial goals!"
Bianca Thompson should be regional manager. I mean period!
Vannesa’s and her team were extremely helpful and very supportive
"Second To None service! Seamless experience, cheerful faces, great customer service, looking forward to do more business with you I would recommend one main to everybody"
"I was called in the nick of time, bills starting to be behind and then the beautiful manager Pam called and gave me some excellent news took her role has a manager seriously and went to work on helping and solving my problem. Things were done a day and I was able to bring the new year and my 75th birthday with a flast. I will always give One Main a five star for excellent customer services."
"Every time that I needed help, your company helped me sort it out ! Thanks"
Agent “Bryan” was very friendly and helpful every step of the process!
"Melinda was great she walked me right through everything helped me get it done in less than 25 hours very courteous, matter fact all the ladies working in this office where smiling upbeat and friendly .."
"They were very courteous. However, I sat in the office for 2 hours before the loan came thru. It was boring just sitting there and waiting"
REPRESENTATIVE Dawn made it a seamless experience in the Melville office.
Nicholas is a very personable and effective Representative. He helped me process my car loan in 3-4 days.
He assisted me right away
"The professional young man , Mike that helped us was very responsive and easy to work with . He answered all our questions and was very thorough he made our experience an easy one as well!!"
"Was very easy to apply and process, funding completed as noted. Very satisfied."
great people Julie did a great job taking care of our loan had the paperwork done fast and we were on our way with the check .thank you Julie.
I was greeted by the manager with a welcome attitude my rep was Ms Trina very respectful answer all my questions I am so satisfied with this company thanks for all the help
"Verbally misleading, large details buried in a plethora of documents."
Selvana was great person that understood my needs
Easy application! Gals at the Elkton Branch are awesome! Especially Freeda!!
"EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE

PROFESSIONAL HANDLING OF THE DOCUMENTS
FROM BEGINNING TO END. PROCESS WAS FAST AND COURTEOUS. EXPLAIN THE VARIOUS OPTIONS
THAT WAS AVAILABLE TO ME"
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"Louis was great. He was helpful, thoroughly explained everything and made feel valued in a dignified way during this unfortunate time of need. Thank you"
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"One Main Financial loans are very useful tools for debt consolidation. I had a pleasant, painless experience, and would definitely recommend OMF to others."
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"The process and explanations were very professional, well articulated and understandable. The lady who took me through the entire process, was way upto task with information and I really appreciate the gesture accorded. Keep it up guys and really appreciate your help."
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
Very friendly. It was fast to get the long. And easy.
I love one main because everyone there is very polite and seems to no their job and Lisa I really like her she was very helpful and explained everything to me where I’d understand it.
"My loan specialist Alex was extremely kind, helpful, and knowledgeable. She made sure I understood everything I was signing and gave a lot of very helpful advice. I am very happy I had her to guide me through the process, as it was my first time taking out a personal loan."
Quick.followup toy loan request and easy completion of a successful loan funds deposited within hour
This new team was helpful and knowledgeable. They were able to explain everything I needed to know and ask. It helped me with my decisions to renew. Nice to meet you all. Keep up the good work!
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
The people we spoke with were very nice an polite make it easy to work with.
The loan officer. Was very helpful painchient and friendly
"It took long time but in the end it went speedy and good at end


."
Quick . I was happy with the prompt check on the spot no wait .
I love one Main because they are so good with costumers especially Dan Halincki he was so good I went to his office to ask for a loan and he did it for one day I got money in 1hour I give him 10 thank you ____
Very thorough and informative of terms of the loan. Was done in a timely manor and professional.
I have used one main for many years. Sonia is amazing and is always finding away to help me and family when I need financial help.
It’s a quick and easy process and I was funded within an hr.
"Excellent service, very professional and courteous."
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
"I have been a Main One customer off and on for years
They are very friendly but also efficient
They are open to questions . Ashley was very knowledgeable and helpful. They are my ""go-to "" when I need help"
Just so very helpful and really easy to deal with.
Customer service is 10 stars _ thank you! For being patient with me helping me get the loan.
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
Worked with Madison the last two times I have worked thru One Main. Very friendly and personable.
"We have been dealing with one main since we moved to the valley. Went through a few name
changes with you all, but Brian
has always been there and now
Laurie. They are very professional but also very friendly. Love doing business with you all.Thank you very much"
The agent was very nice every time I go in for service every one is nice.... The agent explained what a needed to know..
Very proactive support staff who made the process very understandable and easy.
"Very welcoming, resourceful, knowledgeable, educative, and helpful. It's not just about helping you secure a loan but how to manage and utilize it in making payments effectively and satisfactorily. Mr. Ahmed made it very beneficial worthwhile."
Representative was very easy to work with and we were able to handle the entire loan over the phone/computer.
I had a great experience and the whole process went well and fast.
"Easy, fast, and simple! Highly recommended!"
This was the best financial company that I went to these two ladies were very polite and very helpful y'all are very lucky that he had these ladies
"Kim and DJ were excellent in assisting with answering questions and setting up the loan extention. Very proffessional, friendly and helpful! Explained everything in detail as well as the options. This is the third time we've used One Main in Frankfort and have been thoroughly satisfied every time we visit."
"Super smooth process and Mrs.Randall was very detailed and organized in helping me choose the right amount and terms . She was very thorough and quick to respond to my questions.
This has been a great experience and has helped my credit score get better ."
"I worked with Annica, and she was amazing! A great asset for the company; she's professional and kind - and she knows exactly what she is doing. She made it very easy, and offered everything to me that I needed."
Guy assisted me and let me tell you guys! He’s the GREATEST!!!!!! I received my money within 2 hours and it helped me out sooooo much!!!! Thank you ONE MAIN!
"Fast, easy, friendly and very helpful to me__ I look forward to doing business with you for many years to come, thank you so much OneMain____"
This was my third loan an it gets better every time customer service an knowledge about loan an the kind agent I will always be a customer thanks ____
My experience at One main financial was good…I was treated professionally and promptly!
The way Loretta help me to get the loan and all the paper work done the right way so it was and the experience of getting a loan was great.
The agent was very efficient and knowledgeable she was very pleasant and got us what we needed. Thank you.
Marlita at the aramingo branch in Philly was the best nice patient kind very knowledgeable gave me good detail didn't rush outright the best experience I had with one main thus far My other experiences was good but this was the absolute best __
Tiffany was so attentive and service was awesome....very prompt
Wonderful service staff was very helpful and friendly
"The entire loan process was very quick and easy. Laurie, my loan processor, was extremely helpful and answered all my questions."
"Very quick and easy process to get financed through One-Main. Everyone we spoke to was very kind and friendly. As someone who worries over everything, I really appreciate the simplicity of the whole experience. Thanks y'all!"
Very quick and pleasant.. the group I had helped each other out very well.
"Sanyo,was very good explaining everything,
And loan loan went very well.
Thank you"
"The person that helped me was Kim, a very good human being, she was professional and knew her job, she was on the mark with the information she gave me, I tried a few weeks ago to get a loan and the guy I had was not very professional, he did not get back with me when he said he was going to and when he did get back with me he said he could not help me"
"Great service and people, very friendly and professional"
Luann made my experience excellent. Glad I chose one main.
"The representatives in the office I go to are the best. They make a difficult situation so much easier.
One Main rocks!"
They gave us a quick answer and they were ready with our signing. In and out.
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
The process was easy staff very polite and efficient
"The staff in Wilmington, NC are very professional. I need to give a shout out to William, who was responsive and knowledgeable. Great experience. Highly recommend."
"Great people to work with, everything was started and finished in the same day, thanks"
I've worked with them in the past. make me feel welcome and work me to achieve me needs
"Date of experience: January 05, 2024"
It was easy and quick.Great Customer service was friendly and very detailed on everything on explaining everything so I understand the whole process.
"Could be better, the wait for paper should be easier and not to wait a long time to sign."
"Date of experience: January 09, 2024"
Easy and the attention I got from Joshua was great.
I was having a hard time on phone with my service while finalizing my loan. But crystal was patient and helpful
"Will was great to work with, and explained everything to me as wee went."
"From the beginning they were responsive and helpful. A big selling point for me was although I received a debt consolidation loan, they gave great tips to pay things off early, encouraged me on my credit journey, and made sure my best interests were protected."
"Dealing with Bri was a joy. She’s extremely customer focused,helpful and professional."
"Very easy process and very helpful
Would take a loan out with this company anytime"
"The staff was friendly, professional, and understanding.
The process was seamless."
"OK to start this off. This has nothing to do with the lady that helped me out with the loan. She was great she was nice I just feel like I was a little deceived. I got a loan back in the end of May beginning of June 2023 I initially reached out for a $5000 loan. After talking to her and giving me options somehow Went ahead and accepted the 8.5 thousand loan that she mentioned. Going through the paperwork I don’t remember being told that my interest rate was almost as much as the loan. For a 8.k loan, my interest rate is about 6.2k so after getting the loan I’m now paying back 14,000 opposed to the 8.5. I know interest exists, but 23% is ridiculous. What I will say is if you do this online or over the phone read everything over yourself because they do screen share (with your permission, of course) but don’t allow them to say oh well this screen just tells you xyz and scroll through. No read it yourself because if I would’ve saw that I had to pay back double almost double of what I was getting. I would’ve never signed that loan"
"Excellence, professionalism,"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
The loan was quick and easy. Loan was very helpful with the computer work. I would recommend One Main Financial to everyone.
"The whole process was straightforward and with a minimal amount of stress. As long as your required documents are in order, the transaction is fairly quick. It was a financial lifeline during a difficult time. Interest rates are a little high and that's to be expected given the clientele. No one is perfect and I'm glad they're here to help those of us who think the quicksand of debt is inescapable."
I had a great experience! Ms. Johnson was so helpful and was able to answer every question I had and really made the process easy and smooth!!
"Understanding, helpful, patient, willing to go an extra mile (so to speak) when you are truthful of what your needs are and why you are requesting a loan."
"False scheme advertising! Literally said I was approved then they said nope can’t fund you
And took the hard credit hit for NOTHING!!!"
Good customer service is primary to me. I was treated with respect and was supported.
My experience with OneMain Financial was absolutely amazing. They were super quick on responding and getting my loan approved and in my account same day! I will be using them again in future.
Excellent service. Thank you for your help Elmer
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"The people that work in the Rock Island, IL office are all always so pleasant and helpful! The last loan I acquired went so fast and easy. From application to money in the bank was less than 24 hours. I didn't even have to go into the office to sign paperwork this time - the loan officer and I did it over the computer in under 30 minutes!"
"Absolute excellent customer service from all staff!
Wonderful support, very friendly and flexible!"
The staff acted in a very professional manner and made me feel comfortable at all times
Staff was friendly and courteous. The environment was positive.
They honor what the offer is. Process time was very quick as well.
Our loan officer was so nice and so sweet she made it so easy and pleasant.
"OneMain financed a 2019 VW with me for a low monthly payment! It was a fast and easy process and the representatives I spoke with were kind, quick, thorough and gave me an overall great experience! This is now my second loan with OneMain- I would highly recommend!"
Process was short and easily done.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Communication, Agent follow up with the Service"
Very organized. However with both loans I've had phone connection issues. When the loan specialist trys to log on to my phone we have issues. Samsung Android user.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"I asked for the total amount available, as I added another vehicle for collateral, and on top of the money needed I was in negotiations for a deal on some property, so I was going to hold back that money for that land deal. I figured if it didn't work out I could just put it in savings until another deal came up. It would also always be available for emergencies or make extra payments.
Well when it came to close the loan the gave me 2 choices one for a lesser amount and one for the full amount. The loan for the lesser amount was 2% higher on the interest rate, and I explained my reasoning and then felt pressured to accept the lesser amount and I asked her if I was able to get the land deal negotiated could I come back and get the loan I originally requested and she said, sure it wouldn't be a problem.
As soon as I got the land deal worked out. I texted an 812 number that they had contacted me on, when they had an issue depositing the money from the loan for the lesser amount, and requested me come back for a check. Then I had issues with the check at first. But was finally able to cash after a couple hours. So with the branch being closed for a long holiday weekend. I thought the 812 number may be the branch manager so I wanted to let her know right away I needed to change the loan.
I had put $3300 of the money I just borrowed down to hold the property knowing i could get the remaining $700 from the new loan as well as the money need for the items originally.
Now she won't refund the money but is allowing me 2 months to come up with remaining money for the property or lose that cash. Now I'm stressed and trying to hustle up to cover all of it. They said the reason for denial was that One Main Financial would like to see me make a payment on a loan first... Are you kidding me 2 loans paid off with minimal issues on my payments. Before they took my other collateral and their Holiday commission, I was a valued customer now I'm treated as a complete stranger and a value to nobody"
I appreciate the ease of doing all the paperwork online. Also appreciate the kindness of staff and help renewing my loan. Working in my budget to keep my payments the same was a help to me. I will definitely recommend One Main to others. Thank you.
"It was simple to apply, but if the loan person doesn't explain in layman terms then you will be sending documents everyday. I should have closed my loan in two days if she would have made it self explanatory. They should explain that it takes up to 15 days for a car loan company to be receive the payment."
Rhonda is always a pleasure to work with. She's very professional and always has a great attitude.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Irene made the process of the application stressful. Her communication and customer service skills were excellent. I would be happy to work with her again.
Easy and fast
"Simply outstanding from beginning to end!

I applied in the morning, went to work, made a call during lunch and had money in my account that afternoon.

I’ve never experienced such a seamless process, why Is no one talking about this amazing service?

This loan was a smaller one to cover some unplanned expenses before the Holiday, however, I plan on consolidating some of my debt with OneMain in the future because this was such a great experience."
Process was basically easy and employee was very extremely pleasant. Only flaw in my opinion was the time factor.Too long!
Always polite and make you feel comfortable.
"Very easy, agents were very nice and got us our loan quickly."
"This was a quick and easy process. Very pleased with the speed and simplicity of the process. I recommend OneMain, if you need a Loan."
"My girl Kelly was very very very awesome. Well, educated me help me out through a years process, and she finally got it done for me. Excellent employee couldn’t ask for a better person to take care of me."
"I really like the way I was treated, the procedure was very fast and Isabel is a great attendant who made everything simple and very kind."
"Very friendly staff, felt welcomed and comfortable while there. Just started my loan so hopefully all goes good"
Brittany made my experience so much easier. She worked hard to let me know exactly what documents I needed to submit. She stayed in contact with me about the status of my loan and was very professional when I had to come in and sign the paperwork.
The helpful knowledge and explanation of the loan and how it works.
The agent and manager were very helpful patient and thorough with all my questions and the professionalism displayed was exceptional
"The process started great (Mill Creek location), the end felt sterile like I was working with a robot. I would not want to repeat, which is unfortunate, my first experience (Everett location) was fabulous."
Everything went very smooth no long drawn out process. She had Everything ready to move forward as soon as I walked in the door.
The process was very easy to do. David was very patient with me and I appreciated that
"Was very fast,young lady that took care of me was very helpful and kind"
Just made the call. Talked with a representative and she walked through the process.
"Respect and consideration
They made me feel at home and appreciated"
I would use other people to do the same
"If I could give zero stars I would. I reached out to the company to see if they had a settlement program to help with the monthly payment. They told me yes and got me all set up, I made the first payment right away. Well apparently they don’t actually update anything in their system and so 30 days later I find a late payment ding on my credit report. The only thing they actually updated was to make sure and put on my credit report they the account is being managed through a debt settlement company. Which it’s not. It’s still being managed by One Main. I call the company to find out what that’s about because I’m not actually 30 days late. They told me nothing actually changes in the system and that yes every month I don’t make the initial agreed upon payment I will get a late payment ding on my credit report. Unless I want to go back to paying the original amount. So they don’t actually help at all. They didn’t tell me this information when I signed up for the settlement. Just let me go ahead and take the hit and then tell me there’s nothing they can do for me. The local office never answers their phone or returns phone calls. Don’t take any loans from
This company unless you want to be paying them for the rest of forever. They’ve already made plenty of money off of me. Disgusting."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Was very easy, professional customer service, very patient."
One Main will help you by offering a loan that best fit your needs. They are very nice and answer all your questions or concerns before signing any agreements. They are a great company to work with for a loan.
"Date of experience: December 21, 2023"
"Great service,very well explained about the company providing products to the customers."
This is the second time working with them and all I can say is thank you for making it so easy.
"It's a quick and painless process to fill out the application. Then wait for the approval. Jessica was very pleasant, helpful, and knowledgeable to work with."
"It was good! Austin is a great person. I think the car Lien should come off. I been making my payments on time and never missed a payment. The car is not worth much anymore.

Linda Matias"
"Courtesy, professionalism , guided us in providing information we needed with empathy and with a smile!"
"Candy was great, from start to finish!
Thanks
David and Patricia McLane"
Fast friendly service and fast friendly people
Great communication very knowledgeable of my needs
They were really nice. And helpful.
Came in clutch when I needed it most. Little bit of extra bother after online application is filled out. Have all documents handy cause the phone calls start coming to complete process you think you’re done with after online application.
"Extremely helpful!! Great Customer Service!! Very easy to get $$ to help me out.

Myra is the one to see for your loan!! Excellent ________"
Very friendly and helpful. They worked around my schedule to assist me with finalizing my loan. Everything was easy and we did everything over the phone. My money was in my account within a couple of hours.
I found my experience getting a loan very friendly and the rep was very helpful and went out of her way to help me. I would recomend this company to all my friends that need help getting a loan.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Your agents were quite helpful with me experienced helping me getting information on the internet and I was very kind and Curtis to me I was very thankful for the young ladies help and I would recommend One main financial to anybody looking for a loan because all the agents are very kind courteous and very helpful
The fast and private service . Thanks you
They were very helpful in helping me get a loan
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Chris, my person that helped me was very efficient and explained everything very clearly. He made the whole process quick and easy."
They listened to me and then came up with a solution to my problem. And there rates were the best to fit my pocket in paying back my loan. And having the insurance incase anything happens
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Very Happy an satisfied with my new van an the help I received from your representative.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
They were there for me when I was in a bad bill situation and very good
"Rene is just the best! She’s patient, forthright, and is just an all-around good person. I highly recommend her."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"I absolutely love everyone and everything about the Gainesville Office! They are always so helpful, cheery, and polite. The process is always expedient and efficient. Thank you all so much for keeping my family and I covered in our time[s] of need __"
Dora was amazing and super helpful as always!
"The workers are very friendly and helpful, especially Fidel who helped me get the loan."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"The agent I spoke with was nice, very helpful and all matters were executed in a timely in the matter. Everything was processed with no issues funds deposited quickly.
Thank you"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
The whole online process was direct and easy.
My experience with OneMain was phenomenal. Everything I needed was handled in one day. The process was seamless and the customer service was top tier. I appreciate the phenomenal service.
Robin was great !! Spent a lot of time explaining things to me and making sure I felt comfortable
Very courteous very polite very professional
My loan representative was amazing! I feel she went above and beyond to help me! Will def use you guys in the future if needed!
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Sara at One Main has been phenomenal to us and this last time was no exception. Our experience has always been professional, courteous and respectful."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Outstanding and courteous service. Staff are very professional.
"Excellent customer service, very helpful!"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"very respectful, polite and understanding. answered all questions i had and helped me do what i needed to do to get everything squared up"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Staff listening to my request for loan. Staff is/was understanding about my plight. They offered me solutions , within their established guidelines and where they could help me and where they could not help me in a way that I understood."
The employees were friendly and helpful. Gave me several options on my loan. They returned my calls and answered all my questions. They made my process very easy. My money was direct deposited into my bank same day. Highly recommend
I got nothing bad to say thank you so very much for the help in my time of need the staff are very helpful courtesy and informative when I asked them questions about my loan it was approved and resolved in a timely manner thank you OneMain Financial
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
People were very helpful in getting the loan done
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
The staff is awesome and they make it easy for you during the process.
Nicci made the experience nearly effortless. She and the staff were patient and displayed the kind of customer service that I have come to know OneMain for.
"Pleasant experience, Great Service. Very Quick and Fast."
Kori is an amazing person and she does an excellent job!!
This is the second loan through
"The representative I work with was very pleasant, helpful and a joy to work with"
"Our experience with Amy was very professional, she was quite courteous with her skills as we her customers would have expected her to be, answered all our questions, explained in detail what we would expect concerning our objectives the reasons for us being there, thanks.much One Main for making our requests very simplified with Amy."
"We are very thankful that you helped us when no one else would. We have been having a hard time. When COVID hit back in March 2020, tell know ( we bottom out our credit score.) Still we where living pay-day to pay-day. Then our HVAC went out on us. You gave us a change not to freeze to death in our own home. For that we are very THANKFUL!"
The process was easy and quick. The people at the Omaha office were super friendly and professional.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"They helped me very much, with getting some transportation that, I SERIOUSLY NEEDED."
It was very quick and easy. They are very friendly and helpful. They answered all my questions.
Great service was delivered. Customer service was excellent
"Date of experience: December 28, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 13, 2023"
"So far, so good. Once approved, the process only took about 30 minutes."
The staff are very professional and efficient. Staff were very friendly and knowledgeable.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Very nice people and helpful
Always ready to do anything they can to help.
The representative was very helpful in making sure that the loan was done in a timely maner. It didn't take long at all. I would recommend them to my family and friends.
"It took me a little time to get all of my documents together for the loan process. Ms. Neko was Very patient and very professional in the entire process. She was extremely diligent in making sure that I understood the entire process and that I had all of the necessary documentation. Ms. Neko at the Randallstown office is a Gem!
Thanks,
Eric"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Great customer service process was fast and easy.
"The representative Ashley was very professional and kind, and she made me feel like one main care about me"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Ashley and Rebecca were perfect!! They made me feel comfortable through the entire process.
Quick and easy. I submitted the wrong documentation and I was helped within hours. Great customer experience.
I was treated with respect and the paperwork work was done on time to my liking; meaning I didn’t have to wait long. It was done 12/18/2023. I went shopping that afternoon and paid bills the next day.It was a pleasant experience like always.
"One Main Financial and their efficiency in expediting my refinance. They streamlined it, making it hassle-free, and their ease of process positively impacted my experience with One Main Financial."
Everything went very smooth. I have no problem with my own money from them again.
"First and foremost, the young man that helped me was extremely helpful, courteous and sure about the whole process.

Second, it was the first time in years where I had worked and positioned my financial life where you all would do business with me.

I am extremely grateful and thankful for this opportunity."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Great and there out going… very understanding
Received more than I asked for and it was deposited faster than expected.
It was great and I didn't have to wait a long time at all.
Quick and efficient response s . And great office help
Everyone was great to work with! I will definitely recommend them to everyone I know! I wish more companies would be as great as them! But in my eyes that's what makes them number 1 in my book!!
"Great customer service, and great at explaining the terms."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Lisa was very nice and very helpful and she made the loan transaction go so smooth and very easy as 1,2,3 and I am very happy she worked with me to make my loan go through with any issues. Thank You very much Lisa !!"
"My experience was very good ,how the representor was very knowledge about the loan. The representor explained from the beginning to the end of the loan. The representor made sure I understands, and answer all the questions that I ask."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Very courteous and friendly person on the phone that I talk to was very helpful with understanding what was gonna go on and what the payments were going to be appreciate it thanks guys.
"I’m no newbie to One Main. I go to them and the friendly staff every time I’m looking for a loan.
They took their time to explain the different options I had available to me, and that means a lot to me personally. I’m very happy I returned to One Main for my loan."
My representative was really nice she took the time to understand my needs and to help me find a solution that would work best for me financially and long-term.
Excellent!!! Great customer service.
they was very helpful answered all my questions and they were very nice made me felt like I knew them all the time great company look forward too working with them
Friendly. Worked to get me the refinance loan easily
Only a one star because they called me back next morning. I’m an older yet considered a smart educated older male. They use the bait and switch with qualified offers. Yes I was approved. I have an average credit score of 750 with no late payments or defaults in loans and credit cards. They send a prequalified offer of 14.45%. You apply and get approved and guess what it jumps to 18.6% for 5 years. Not bad almost $3500 interest. Not bad for someone that is desperate that is. I asked where the 15.4% I was offered at 60 months. She said hold on and come back and said I can do that at 36 months and your payment go up at almost $100 month. lol. If you’re even semi educated you can see where I’m going with this. Never ever believe those prequalified offers because once you apply you can’t get the inquiry off your credit report even when approved. That my friend is called bait and switch. You know who you are. I seen her name in a couple of negative reviews.
"She was prompt, accurate and friendly"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Donna was amazing a lot of help and made it go so good
Was well to work with . Took no time to get everything done.
Well you guys treat me very good and quick the ageent was very easy to understand a very confident to referral friends
"Jennifer's attention is very professional, it is excellent, She gave me the best recommendations and she gave me the opportunity to make my best decisions.

Thank you so much"
My experience was great due to the financial representative responding in a timely fashion.
"Knowledgeable and professional Rep.
Quick and easy application.
Contacted by Rep in a timely manner.
Everything explained clearly.
Over all great experience."
"I didn't like that my first payment was supposed to be on February 2 and they took it out on January 2, not even 1 week after I had obtained the loan."
It was all about the great customer service the communication and how fast everything went far is applying It was just an all around great experience!!
"The whole transaction went very smooth and very helpful and professional.
\"
Easy to upload documents and the funding was fast!
I have nothing but great things to say about the people here. They were very helpful from the start. Everything they said they would do for me they did! Not one empty promise like I have gotten from other financial institutions. I would recommend them to anyone looking for financial help. I will use OneMain in the future. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
They took a chance and consolidated my debt. Same interest with less monthly payment. A life jacket company when needed! Thank you
Everything went smoothly and Naomi was very professional and courteous.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
It was fast and easy
Madison is amazing. It was tedious with all the stuff you kept needing but she helped me through every step!
"Jacqueline was my representative, she explained the entire process to me, she was very kind and polite. Highly recommended."
You never informed me of the upfront interest charges after I repeatedly asked about upfront charges over a recorded line. It was dishonest and you lost my business forever unless you reimburse me the $800.
"Will recommend this business to anyone that is looking for a great company to work . the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and very professional. I've been to other financial institutions and was not sure if I should even apply for a loan? When I walked in to one main financial, the staff greeted me with a smile and said welcome in . I waited for about 2 minutes to see Jennifer she was very nice and very helpful __ she had me qualified for a loan within 15 min she was so helpful and very informative about all she was doing o am extremely happy with one main financial and I will always recommend anyone to go in and get the help they need. I will always go back if I ever need another loan in the future thank you for all your help
AND THANK YOU JENNIFER"
Very happy with process. Extremely impressed with the folks that had to deal with my not so savy technical issues. Ty
They always helpful and look out for the customer
"It was so easy to do. I filed online, the. A representative gave me several loan options walking me thoroughly through them. After I chose she helped me complete the signing within 30 minutes over the phone."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Great Service Did a good job explaining the hole process
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Very helpful with lending procedure and always willing to work with me.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Over all great but a lot of push to add on extras that greatly increase your monthly payment. It seems like the representative gets commission on them because it was aggressive, maybe reevaluate that policy."
It was the best part of my day to be honest. They were great and I kind of just want to go back to hang out lol
"Brandy took my call and was absolutely awesome. She answered all my questions and scheduled my appointment. I met with Sue the same day and she is equally as awesome! Sue answered my questions, explained everything thoroughly and helped me become more financially secure. I appreciate both ladies and for helping me get things taken care of efficiently with a personal touch."
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Easy, fast and convenient. Bryon was great!"
"I worked with Tamika Martin, and she was great, very helpful and encouraging. She walked me through the entire process."
Ladies were super nice and informative. Went over all my options with me and made the process very easy.
The person that help me with very polite and helpful
The company doing great to the customer
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
My process was very easy she walked my through everyr step and explained my every move so it was easy to understand and easy to do. Outstanding job on Onemain's behalf!
"The representative was very knowledgeable, polite and courteous"
Awesome people and service. I was very pleased
The entire staff at the Lower Burrell location was great !
"Well, I just received my first notification about my payment. I must say I was caught off guard about my initial payment of 800+ dollars. I understood it to be 675.00. Can someone please explain why this amount???"
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Felix Hosmer service. The agent with all of my needs a very good experience. Thank you.
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
Very helpful. Seemed like easy and personalized experience underwriters took longer than expected but it didn't ruin the experience
"Vanessa made my experience and process great, was very helpful! Thank you."
This is my second loan with OneMain. They made it fast they made it happen. I didn’t have to wait there was no BS and I got my money the next couple days it was great
Great experience. Easy and streamline
"Date of experience: January 04, 2024"
"Stay away from One Main Financial, the customer service people are some of the most rude and condescending people I have ever interacted with. Even when I made multiple payments they still call non-stop. The last young lady was beyond rude when she asked me about surrendering my car for a payment of $123. Not only that, they callled me countless times per day about being late on my payment, which I was not, and explained to her that it comes out on the 15th of every month which she could see on her system, but she pushed back and continued to be extremely rude without looking at what date my payments came out. After making a payment, my normal payment which I was not behind on, I made an additional $100 payment and they still continued to call me repeatedly. Oone Main responded to my initial review, but took no accountability for their rude employees calling me countless times, all they said was be sure to keep my account current, which it was/is.

Again, stay away if you can, I made a huge mistake getting a loan with One Main Financial. Seek a company that shows respect to their customers, especially at the interest rates they charge. Again, a big mistake on my end, if I woud have know this is how they would treat me, I would have gone elswhere with my business. I will never again do business with the most rude and unprofessional One Main Financial. I hope this helps someone to avoid what I have experienced!"
"This company lied to me. Two weeks after I took out a loan on my car. I wanted to cancel gap insurance… They said I could not. It’s against company policy. I am handicapped mentally, and physically. I had to let my car go back because the payments were too high. They loaned me $12,000 on it and six months later I had the car appraised at two different car lots and they offered me between $8000 and $9000 to purchase it. It was a 2014 Nissan pathfinder with a brand new $5000 transmission less than six months old. I received a letter from them today saying that sold it at auction for $800… Ridiculous! I was in the automobile business for 50 years before my wife was murdered and I had to retire.
I will spend the rest of my days on this earth, telling everyone that gives me two minutes to talk to them.… To stay away from this company…they lie, and now they are trying to steal from a handicap person by saying my car was worth only $800, I wonder who’s friend bought the car at the auction. If you were done this way by this company too…. Please contact me at my email…
There are laws and organizations that will help you and protect us from people like this, and I will put you in contact with them.
On May 31, 2023, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (Bureau) issued an order against OneMain Financial Holdings, LLC; OneMain Financial Group, LLC; OneMain Financial (HI), Inc.; OneMain Financial, Inc.; and OneMain Financial of Minnesota, Inc. (collectively referred to as OneMain). OneMain is an Indiana-based personal loan installment lender with more than 1,400 branches across 44 states. In connection with loan originations and renewals, OneMain markets, sells, and finances add-on products, including credit life insurance, credit disability insurance, and identity theft protection. For several years, OneMain misrepresented to tens of thousands of consumers who purchased and then subsequently canceled optional add-on products that they could cancel the products during what it called a “full refund period” and be returned to the financial position they would have been in had the product never been added to their loan. The Bureau found that OneMain engaged in deceptive acts or practices in violation of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (CFPA) by misleading consumers into believing they must purchase add-on products to receive loans and that they could cancel the add-on products within a prescribed time period without cost. The Bureau also found that OneMain engaged in unfair acts or practices in violation of the CFPA by charging and failing to refund the full premium and interest that accrued on add-on products consumers did not agree to purchase and by charging and failing to refund interest that accrued on add-on product fees during a purported full-refund period. Finally, the Bureau found that OneMain violated the CFPA by abusively interfering with consumers’ ability to understand that add-on products were optional and that OneMain charged non-refundable interest during the purported full-refund period. The order requires OneMain to stop its unlawful activities, adjust its policies to make cancellation of add-on products easier, include interest in refunds after add-on product cancellations, pay at least $10,000,000 in consumer redress, and pay a $10,000,000 civil money penalty. OneMain must also take measures to ensure future compliance."
"My service rep made me feel at ease and guided me through every step. She was knowledgeable, friendly and efficient."
Company was good awhile ago but interested skyrocket. I applied again and was denied a year ago. Received an invitation to reapply. Got denied again and received a bad remark on my credit score. I immediately called the company who a representative took me off call list but rerouted me to a sells representative. I explained my issue and she instantly hung up on me. It was very rude and I really wanted to know why send an invitation if I had been denied a year ago. I unfortunately didn't get my answer but a slap on the face. But yes this are the reasons why I'm leaving a bad review.
Absolute nightmare to work with and ruined my credit score. Made me jump through hoops and required a lot of information. Someone told me that one main put themselves as lienholders on her vehicle before even signing a contract. I went through a different company suggested through TurboTax and got a much better rate and sign up was painless. They didn't require any additional documents.
"This company has screwed my credit up by making me apply for them twice, just to find out there not going to approve me for my loan. I have been on the run around for two and a half weeks with them and then they try to tell me they can’t approve me because of my credit has a decrease. But that’s because they made me apply for them twice, so of course it’s going to dip. I’ve always paid my bills. I actively have two car loans that I’m paying and I’ve never paid them late but for some reason this company won’t approve me for a loan even know they gave me an excellent chance of approval. I will no longer do business with this company or refer anyone to them. Plz save your time and look for a loan somewhere else."
"I received an automated message that I had good approval odds through One Main.

I applied online and saw the note saying I would only have a soft credit pull. I was given the option of a secured and unsecured loan online. All seemed good until I applied, the credit pull was a hard pull, and after getting a message of approval of the loan with the hard credit pull I was told I would need to provide info for a secured loan.

I scheduled a call which never came, called them myself and was asked to provide all the same info again. I was told that there may not be offers for me and was still asked to provide vehicle info after I stated I did not want a secured loan.

The process was really frustrating and on top of everything I now have a hard credit pull and nothing to show from it.

I feel tricked, as the initial online info was much different, just looking for a way to consolidate debt. I would have been fine if they just gave me this info up front rather than changing info throughout the process."
"The representative I had was personable, kind, and knew her job and executed it well. I'm wondering if there is an app to download to make payments"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
I could not have been more impressed. I had the money in my checking account within 24 hours of my initial outreach. I had never applied to a personal loan before and did not know what to expect. Would highly recommend.
"Been a customer for over 4 years, all payments on time with zero issues.. Went to redo my loan , went thru all the paperwork and time only to be denied for no good reason. suck you in than dont care about you after."
It was one of the best experience and process was so quick and easy. Good job.
Horrible company especially the customer service who answer phone you can not get through to anyone who knows what there doing!! Had one person answer and give me a number for Christian’s and Jews when I called wth. Bad company
"My interactions were by phone and not very timely. The rep didn't seem to me to be experienced in processing my loan request. She also placed me hold several time as she tried to figure out what she was doing wrong. She gave me erroneous information regarding payment plan. She told me i would not have to make a payment in January, however when I began to electronically sign the loan agreement, the paperwork did not reflect what I had been told. I will never apply again for a loan with OneMain by phone"
"The lady, Christina Charles from the Lake Charles, LA branch was excellent in customer service skills, professional, and very patient in guiding me on computer."
"OneMain is good for the populace. They have taken me from a skyrocketed bill, to a more reasonable-paying bill, per month. The staff is efficient and friendly. I'll always refer someone to OneMain Financial."
"They are not a good company to do business with. One issue is that they do not report the payments you make as they should. My credit reports show nothing past May 2023. When I disputed this, they updated June & July with ""-"". Here it is 6 months later, and they haven't updated anything. So now, Credit Karma comes up and tells me I missed a payment when I pay early every month. I'm tired of disputing them constantly because they can't do their job. On top of that they have super high rates around 25%. The person below who commented on their sales practices was 100% correct in what they said. In my case, I was sent an actual notice from them saying I was pre-approved to refinance my loan to get additional cash out. When I filled out additional information, the soft inquiry said I was approved. It literally gave me 8 or 10 offers to choose from. I selected the best offer for me. When I submitted it, a hard inquiry was done, and then they denied me and made my credit score drop. They are a terrible company. I would never do business with them again. I have managed to raise my score a lot on my own. I literally closed every single credit card I had, except for 2. Despite what financial experts tell you, that worked for me. I can't wait to be done with this place.

11/28/2023 - It's funny how in their reply they do not address how they're not reporting my payments or anything regarding their bait and switch sales tactics. I hit the nail on the head. They can't defend their actions."
This is my le
Fast service. Very friendly staff.
"Everybody was very nice, patient and actually knew what they were talking about."
The process was easy. I’m a little nervous as none of my debt accounts have been paid off yet.
I'm really impressed with the services I received from OneMain Financial. I applied online an within 24 hours a representative contact me with additional details regarding my loan. The process was easy and quick funding. Please don't hesitate if you need a loan. Thanks __
"The agent was very kind, very knowledgeable, and very professional."
The ladies that assisted me were very knowledgable and consistent. They were courteous and eager to assist.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"I applied through a link from Credit Karma. Everything was super easy, and Mechelle was super helpful. In all, it took 2 days to complete the app process and that was due to me having to pause for personal business. The loan was completed on a Friday afternoon, and I reviewed my money first thing Monday morning."
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
The staff and especially my service rep was very professional and made the loan closing appointment very seamless. I would highly recommend One Main to anyone
"Great service, employees curtious and knowledgeable!"
"Great as always, 2nd time using OMF. Very smooth and easy process. I definitely recommend when in need of a little help."
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
Austin was great. Helped me through the issues I was having
A comprehensive but fast moving process from a clearly experienced agent.
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"It was a great and honest experience. Amy was great to work with. She knows what she is doing, since we did every thing online and Ids. uploads. This was all done online to Mt. Pleasant, summit ridge plz. Needed loan fast for payback of truck work. This was to pay off much to high interest loan from company that Mechanic uses.She made me understand what my Interest would be. It wasn't that bad, but not surprising. It would be better for me to have a much better credit bureau score."
Honest everything was explained very well
Ebony was very helpful in getting the funds to help with car repairs.
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"everthing ,and everone s great .thank you to all."
"My loan officer, Chad, was very thorough, knowledgeable, and caring. The process went smoothly and he helped me understand my options. I highly recommend OneMain Financial."
"Ashley was an expertise agent. She was fast, friendly, efficient and reliable. She deserves a bonus! This company is the way to go!"
Kimberly made the difference. She made me feel comfortable during a rough and some what embarrassing situation. She was a Rock Star when it came to customer care.
"When speaking to Brenda over the phone and in person. She is very professional, polite, and explained the loan process completely to my husband and myself. The office atmosphere was pleasant and all 4 loan agents in the office the day of closing our loan were very curtious and nice. Our experience was great and I would absolutely use OneMain again."
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
They were very considerate and efficient. My loan experience was so comfortable and accomplished even more than I had hoped for. I would recommend them without hesitation.
The team was very helpful in helping me reach my goal!
"My experience with One Main was thorough, the initial screening was done online but that was quickly followed up with a phone call from the local office. I worked with Shanna. She was very nice, professional and she knew all the answers to my questions. The loan was approved rapidly, the interest rate and repayment terms were very affordable and I had the money the next day."
"Fast, efficient, friendly service!"
I liked how they met my schedule and everything worked out great and there was no negativity very positive experience thank you
"Fast and easy approval and funding, representative was very responsive to my needs and very professional yet personable, She went step by step and was fast in processing any submitted information from me. I would recommend OneMain Financial to anyone needing a loan."
"Date of experience: December 12, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
I am Yuniel Alfonso. I have all my credit in order. Today I was mistreated by the managers and workers. My recommendation is that you do not ask for a loan with that company. I left the management of the branch to you. I was mistreated and humiliated.
The staff attitude was pleasant and helpful
"No hassle!
Great people who are efficient and friendly.
The whole process wa painless."
"I had a great experience with Sarah at OneMain financial. She was very helpful, friendly, and professional when I feel behind on my loan payments. She answered all my questions and explained everything clearly and made it possible for me to remain in my apartment. She also gave me a referral to another professional who could help me with my financial situation. I would highly recommend Sarah and OneMain financial to anyone looking for a personal loan. Thank you, Sarah, for your excellent service!"
"Easy, fast and Michelle was so sweet."
"Didn’t get the original loan I accepted and qualified for. The representative made me feel forced to take the loan he offered me. Even though I qualified and applied for a different loan , I feel he deceived me into taking this loan. He said it’s the only one that I qualified for and I know it’s a lie. The only reason I took it was because I needed a little extra money for the family to spend on Christmas"
It is always a good experience dealing with the ladies at the rocky mount office. They are quick to respond to requests or questions. I have been dealing with them for years.
"Everything went smooth, and in a timely manner."
my agent rachel was excellent helped with what i needed very polite quick process i have been business with company a few times never have i had a issues or unkind agent will definitey always reccomend
Megan was very nice and pleasant to work with she took her time to explain everything to me would recommend her to anyone she's the best thanks Megan for everything
"It was a process, but eventually paid off."
"Fast service, knowledgeable representative, satisfaction with the representative."
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
I was taken care quickly and my needs were met.
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
Very is to work with Thank you for your help
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
All good everything was done the right way thanks
CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!! SIMPLE.
Shannon made our experience quick and easy and she is so patient and takes her time to go through everything!
Very helpful staff. Shelly was amazing! The Home & Auto Plus plan is awesome!
"The whole process was awesome, went in not expecting to even qualify. I really needed it and it was great."
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
Christine has always conducted herself in a professional manner
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
Cherie was very professional and explained everything.
Customer service worked
The time and patience encountered during my transaction.
the people was very nice and helpfull got me taken care of quickly
"These ladies are so nice and accommodating, they are helpful and work with you however they can."
Everyone in the office has always been wonderful.
The experience was very wonderful it was fast the young man was very very knowledgeable thank you.
Jennifer was very professional
It's the only institution the trust and very polite works treat me with respect. And really friendly people. Thanks to Lisa. she was a really great person. Thanks.
"Very easy, no hassles, fast approval and the funds were available immediately. The entire office was very kind and extremely professional."
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
Everything was very quick the representative was very friendly and it didn’t take long to get through the process
"Every time I deal with one main, it's always a pleasant one. Thank you for that"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
The people are great and helpful.
"I was very satisfied, knowing that I was able to get help. I highly recommend one main financial. Very professional and I’m very satisfied."
Great people easy to talk to and explain to everything thoroughly
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Got the car I wanted thanks to them, They walked me through the paper work. The rep was very polite and knew his stuff."
People were great. Explained everything so that I understood exactly what I was doing. Very patient.
"Friendly, and knew what he was doing quickly
and very efficient."
Elian was very professional. Everything was done quickly and proficent.
Very professional and courteous staff. Definitely more so than Mariner Finance!!
Great Customer Service didn’t rush very courteous
"The process was brief but thorough, and the agent explained everything in terms I understood."
Is very nice and helpful she saved me a lot of money and interest and I love working with her
they were very helpful no presaure explain everything where could understand
I mixed up the date of my appointment and was not turned away. They made getting my loan very easy. They communicated efficiently with the information needed for me to complete my loan application. Once everything was completed the money was transferred to my account in no time.
"Quick, within a couple of hours over the phone, during loan ladys lunch break felt bad, but she got it done patiently."
Awesome help by Howard. He explained everything to me and answered all my questions fully.
Judy H she was really great couldn't ask for anybody better at One Main Financial. She helped get my Loan and I was Happy with it all she walked me through the steps and that's great.
"The people at One Main have developed a relationship with me and made me feel welcome from the start. They are like family and are there whenever I am in need of help. Great company, Fantastic people and support."
What made my experience so great was I got approved. And it went smoothly.
"I had been requesting a loan for months from several companies. I would try and try. OneMain reached out to me and offered half of what I was asking. After recalculating my budget, my original request would pay off 8 accounts; half would pay off 7 of my accounts. I took the half, and it has paid off the 7 accounts plus has relaxed my anxiety. Thank you OneMain. And thank you Jocelyn at Parmer on the Creek."
The ease and being able to do the paperwork online with an assistant.
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
The gentleman that helped me was so personable and I really enjoyed working with hima
I have dealt with you for many years and have always been happy with the service. Thank you very much and Merry Christmas.
Kendall was excellent. Her attitude and her knowledge was wonderful.
"It was quick and painless. Having an account made it simple. Thx, One Main Financial.

Johnny"
The representative who took care of me was great and friendly.
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
They helped me when I needed it most when many others wouldn't. My life is financially back on track and no more worries. Highly recommend One Main Financial
2nd time using one main. I wish I didn’t need it. But I am so grateful for the understanding and kind staff. I wish I could remember the agents name. She was great. Went thru all my options. And she was so patient. I highly recommend. Tell the Evangelina sent you __
"Liz was exceptional, showing me the different loans I could get. She made my year!!"
the team members were very helpful and did an excellent job
"I spoke with someone named Jackson when I called about a loan- he told me that I could have a 10,000 loan and that we could finalize the paperwork on Monday December 11- this was on Friday December 8- he told me to come in at 10:15 and he would have the paperwork ready. I went in as asked and was told that Jackson was off that day- there were two womwn there- Mary and Heather- they were very busy but went out of their way to make sure I could be taken care of. They got all of my information and asked if I could come back at 5:15- I did and they were very prompt in helping me. I could not haave asked for better service. The only drawback was that Jackson told me I was approved for 10,000 but I was only allowed 7000. I feel like maybe Jackson needs more training? I really appreciate Mary and Heather and I am so thankful they were able to assist me."
OneMain does it again. I took out a loan to move outta state. Got here trans goes up in wife’s car. I reached out to my new local branch and they worked it out restructuring my loan to put money in my pocket. When life gets to lifing they got your back no hassle most things done over the phone and when no one else was left they came through I’m a patron for life
"Excellent customer service, fast loan processing, and convenient."
"The loan process was the easiest I have experienced. No hassle, no bother; just results."
Trisha is so friendly and worked hard to get everything done as soon as possible. Everyone at omf is great
"This place is terrible. They falsely advertise a loan that seems as if you’ll be approve for, completely waste your time gathering documents, the person on the phone was loudly coughing in my ear, and then started digging into personal matters that was not aforementioned when apply. Credit impacted and time wasted."
Everyone that assisted worked really hard to help get all my information submitted and they worked along with me in the step by step process until I was approved. I'm very thankful to all that helped!
The entire process only took minutes and the funds were in my account within the hour! Amazing!
It was simple and the loan officer was amazing
Jessica was wonderful. All paperwork was approved quickly and efficiently. I plan on staying with One Main for all my financial needs.
The girls were very helpful! Thanks to all and Merry Christmas!!
I was in bind with getting money to finish fixing my bathroom and getting things for Christmas for my grand kids. One Main helped get me some money and was very helpful and nice.
The staff was friendly and answered all of my questions
The staff were all excellent and the process was so easy!
I've been with one main for like for like two to three years already I had always had a good things to say about them until now. I always like to pay my payments on time an I though I was doing that by making an online payment. An as every body knows mistakes happen. I made a payment an I guess their was an error on the cents. I guess I didn't make a full payment because it miss it by four cents. They put pass due on my account when I call an try to explain to them it was a mistake they didn't even have the contact to waive the four cents I had to go back into the website an spend another 1.99 to pay the four cents AMAZING.
"Jen was my loan officer she was the best she did put my loan together quickly,"
Brad was wonderful. Very fast and efficient! Would definitely recommend y'all to friends and family!! Thank you !!__ Merry Christmas!!__
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
The process was quick and easy! The loan agent was extremely helpful and helpful throughout the process.
It was a great experience. Very friendly and great services.
They were professional and friendly. Took care of my needs right away everything was a seemless transaction.
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
I appreciated how accommodating and helpful the Missoula branch is. They made it easy to get things done in a timely manner. I have been a customer for a number of years and will continue to use OneMain for my monetary needs.
I have been with onemain since 2019 and the ladies are always helpful and polite...they are very professional women!!!
They were friendly and had the paperwork ready to sign. I was given several choices on the amount.I wanted They paid off the old loan.
Joannn so helpful and made the process so easy to understand and complete….
They were very pleasant to work with and explained everything in detail . So that I understood would recommend them to others.
"One Main in Charleston is the best loan company I have ever worked with especially when you have employees like Larry, he made the process super easy and quick turn around time!

Thanks Larry for the outstanding Customer Service!"
Always a great experience! Angelia is the best !!!
Amazing Customer service from beginning to end. Very informative and polite. Completely went over details to where I was comfortable in making an informative decision that was best for my situation. very knowledgeable of all services and very engaging when explaining information. Simply the best! I would encourage everyone to seek out this company.
The amount of my loan decreased when I showed up to close.
Anousone was a pleasure to work with and made our loan process quick and straightforward.
Quick to be approved with less protocols
"Great customer service, and a very smooth and quick process!!"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
While Rachel was great. Yalls systemfor uploading documents sucks. Should be allowed to upload pdf file. I shouldn't have had to screen shot and take pictures of forms to get them to her. Any pdf i tried to load it wouldn't do to the size of just one page. Need to work on that. Customer service was great though.
"I know the staff there, and they are always professioal."
They worked hard with me to get me the $$$
The experience was good and helpful applying was easy and fast response was fast with answer your representative were helpful and had professional courtesy thank you very much for helping me
"They were very helpful with the problem I had.
I had an appointment the very next day. Very professional."
It was really easy to get the loan an they walked me tru all the steps
Was great experience!! The young lady that took care of me was awesome very polite and was a sweetheart making the process easy. I was very impressed by her wonderful personality!
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Once again, I received prompt service that produced the results I wanted. Staff was always available and patient with me while I gathered the information needed. They knew what they were doing"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
They were really professional getting outstanding job helping me with my loan.
The whole process was comfortable to get thru. I wish I could remember the ladies name who helped me because she was awesome.
Quick easy application and approval process. Simple signing and closing process with agent online.
the process was easy but as for the final payment of the payment for the previous loan - there needs to be more communication about the final payment of the previous loan if there is a renewal or new application that is approved for the customer.
It was a great experience. Nice and knowledgeable people
"My Agent Angelica was very good at her job and pleasant to work with. The overall process was smooth and I am happy. Thank you,"
"One Main is so easy to work with. My loan officer was extremely helpful & knowledgeable and efficient.
My loan was approved & the money was in my account within a couple hours.
Thanks One Main!"
The lady walked us through the whole process and helped us get through it pretty easy!!
"Your easy to work with, the people are helpful and nice to work with."
"I received a letter in the mail notifying me that OneMain financial could help consolidate my loans. So I decided to go into my local branch and talk to a representative to help me go over my loan options. The representative was extremely friendly and helpful. She explained the options and gave some advice that would help get my finances consolidated into one payment instead of four. The process was extremely easy once I had all the required information, and within the next hour of completing the loan agreement. The Money was in my bank account. With a friendly helpful staff OneMain financial made the process fast and easy."
Quick and simple in and out and she was very pleasant
I've always had a good experience with one main The people in the office are nice courtesy and they help you in any way that they can they make the whole step pleasant to do business with one man
"Cynthia was the One Main person who handled my application. She made all the difference. She was energetic, positive, very friendly and caring. She treated me as a person, not a name on an assembly line. She deserves a raise if she treats everyone like that. She is absolutely an asset to One Main."
For my first loan things went better than expected professionalism courtesy and prompt feedback
"I have been dealing with One Main Financial a long time and the staff has always been very courteous, understanding, and during the loan process making sure that I understand everything. I really do appreciate the employees there."
"Absolutely wonderful, she is a very gracious girl & made me feel very comfortable through out the whole transaction.. The Best,, Sharon"
Customer service was excellent.. Quick and easy.. Thank You
Quick and easy process. Staff is very kind and knowledgeable.
It was friendly and good experience
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Representative Monique was very helpful at all times, great communication.
The process of my application went smooth it was not stressful she made it so easy."
Renee was excellent one of my best experience that I have had in this type of environment. She was very professional and went above and beyond to assist me. She is the standard of what customer service should be.
Was there a total of 40 minutes excellent program all computerized was very comfortable Jacob did an excellent job explaining everything as did the employees in the past excellent organization
Aimee the manager asked how she could help me. I told her the situation I was in and she came up with several options for me that would be beneficial to me. I was able to pay off a higher interest loan and get the money I needed.
Nice people treated with respect and kindness
"Everything was fast, efficient and effortless"
I just love Shannon in the Idaho falls office. She so helpful and very friendly.
Was super easy and fast. The staff was very helpful and friendly.
It was so sweet and find thank u all for helping me I hope that u all can help me again thank so much
Done business with these people for years. I would totally recommend them. They explain everything in detail. They work with you. They try to help you. I can five stars talk about friendly too. Very friendly
"Hi, my experience with this one main financial was great the staff members gave me great service and satisfaction very polite very caring, and eager to help me get my loan. Thank you guys so much"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
I was needing a personal loan for some extra money for Christmas. Sam helped me get that. He made sure I understood everything I needed to know about the loan and made it easy. Thank you Sam for all your help. I truly appreciate it.
"Marie is one of your best people.She has always tried to help me with my finances.She is an asset to the company.She deserves a raise in salary for putting up with me for 3 plus years.Bravo Marie,for 5 star service.Jimmy Stacks"
Tracy was fabulous. Very patient with me and very friendly!!!! I’m grateful to you guys
Convenience
Friendly and helpful people though the entire process.
The One Main representative was very helpful. They were quick to respond. The online feature was very helpful to me for turning in necessary documents ahead of time. The money was received in less than an hour after the transaction was completed
"Every one I talked to was professional and helpful
also, very friendly and detailed without being pushy"
"Will definitely recommend!!! Amazing service!!! I called to put a payment off, was told I could do a new loan and get more money. After looking at options Andrea was AWESOME! She was able to get us a loan to refinance our truck and get some cash for less than we were paying!!!! So we were able to pay off some other debit and come out ahead!!!!!!! GREAT to work with and easy!"
"Everyone one was pleasant, knowledgeable and quick to respond."
Kim was Very knowledgeable and friendly and just overall helpful.
"I was lied to about the rates and amounts i would be getting, given one thing over the phone and then I showed up in person after I submitted everything and it was something completely different, the excuse I was given was “sorry im new”. I had to go through the finalization process multiple times with the continued excuse of “well shes new”."
The people that worked with helping me get loan were very helpful and quick.
"Sylvia was very helpful,patience professionaland made me feel comfortable."
Sarah was wonderful. Company was smooth. Thank you !
The loan officer Kathy was extremely pleasant to work with. She went over every detail of the loan. She was patient and answered all my question.
"The customer service is fabulous. Every single person I speak to is always kind and helpful. This is actually a refinancing experience that honestly didn't appear to be going how I wanted, but they worked with me, and made it happen for me. I'm really grateful. I've not once been disappointed in service, since I've been a client. I will always look for this company when I'm in need of personal loan services, and I will recommend to anyone."
"Tiffany was great to work with, explained and answered my questions and very professional."
The lady who set up our loan was extremely condescending and had a bad attitude. This company charges way too much interest and got my FICO score wrong by pulling only one of the three companies. I would not recommend these guys unless they were the last bank on earth
The lady on the phone was very helpful and took me through the steps one by one and explained everything for me. I didn't get her name but she was excellent and very professional
I applied for one amount and was approved for another amount that was greatly needed.
Great service! Fast and friendly
I've been with you guys for about 4 yrs. Very understanding and transparent. Will work with me under any situation. Love the experience!
Very pleasant and helpful staff. The process went smoothly. I also liked the electronic signing and didn’t have all the paperwork to carry home.
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
The customer service was great because they were very helpful in getting the loan completed.
"Quick and easy, very pleasant loan rep Aaron"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
Wonderful customer service by my loan officer. Quick processing and deposit. Great experience. Glad I made the decision to select One Main Financial!
"Quick and easy, had the funds next day!"
Great with my concerns. Amanda was fantastic and explained the process with me. Promptly communicated with me when I needed her to. Great experience all around.
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
First let me start by saying you guys are the best I tried so many companies was successful you guys got me just I needed to bounce back financial the process easy I would recommend to family and friends
The lady was very knowledgeable and nice talking to Thank you
The lady who helped us was the best. Very respectful and informative.
"Amanda! She was kind, empathetic, professional and knowledgeable. She, and her colleagues, made this a smooth and simple process."
"Staff were helpful, informative and kind."
It was a long process but everyone I talked to was very helpful
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"The representative called me, we had a conversation. A day later I received double the amount I initially asked for."
"I had an amazing experience, the guy that helped me was awesome and so nice. Definitely helped my financial situation and made me have a good Christmas as well"
"Friendly, clear and competent responses to my questions."
Absolutely fantastic. Ashley was wonderful from start to finish. She was extremely nice and professional. I had money in my banking account less than 48 hours. I can’t say enough good things about how she handled everything. I would definitely recommend OneMain for every loan that you need!
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
The representatives were very friendly
"Easy,excellent process,very helpful in a time of need. Highly recommended!"
Everything was explained in detail and the woman I spoke to was very helpful
The exprience overall was made simple and was handled in a timely fashion by the great OneMain staff.
"We did the loan over the phone and it was such an easy process. Abby was very thorough, made it simple to understand, went over it with me slowly so I understood everything."
"Ease of access - from submitting the required documentation to closing the app was easy. Everything was remote.
Through the whole process, I worked with one person who provided excellent customer service, provided my financial choices without any sales pressure. Within a week, I got the needed money.
Why 4 stars instead of 5? Because I want you to know this is a real review."
They had everything ready and they were super friendly
Very efficient and helpful staff. They made the process very simple
You did very well and fast service very polite can’t wait to make my 1st payment!
"Very friendly and kind, the process was smooth and easy. Thank you very much"
Jasmine explained everything to me and she was very professional.
Everybody in the company was very nice to me when I came there
They were all very nice and very professional
The lady I worked with was wonderful made it very easy.
Amazing people and customer service will definitely suggest people go through one main Cory the gentleman I dealt with worked diligently to get my loan through thank you all at one main
You don't verify checks for the banks. So a fifteen day hold was placed on the funds. Also your employee told me a 20 percent rate. And it ended up being almost 24. Which would have been a deal breaker. Hope my experience doesn't get worse
The people in office was great.. it was fast and simple .my experience was great .
Jonathan and his team are amazing to work with
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
The lady I work with was awesome thank you so much...
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 20, 2023"
"I met with an awesome representative who was extremely professional, friendly, knowledgeable, and timely. I was in and out of the office in less than an hour. She made the process very simple; I would recommend One Main Financial and the representative who helped me."
"the representative Guy had a very warm personality that confirmed why i should do business with One Main. I felt safe, secure , and informed the entire process. They have good choices and try their best to work with you by any means."
My agent was so kind he made me feel so welcome and very comfortable he did a excellent job of explaining each and every detail
I don’t know how anybody can do business with his company they just lie they just said that they would help anybody with any kind of credit as long as they got a pay check and I’m checking account. I offered to pay my loan back in one month and they still wouldn’t lend me any money because of my credit so this is a not a honest company and I will never recommend you guys to anybody.
"This place is terrible. They falsely advertise a loan that seems as if you’ll be approve for, completely waste your time gathering documents, the person on the phone was loudly coughing in my ear, and then started digging into personal matters that was not aforementioned when apply. Credit impacted and time wasted."
Great customer service. Very informative and professional information that helped speed the process.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
April was very professional. She worked hard for me. Such a great person
Lisa Mills at the McAlester branch did an amazing job helping me through everything and explaining everything to me in detail. I would recommend Lisa to anybody looking to get help in their finances.
"I will continue to do business with OneMain because I always receive the best customer service from Gallatin, Tn office. During COVID, I received frequent calls to ensure I wasn’t impacted. Today, I received a text ensuring I wasn’t impacted by recent tornadoes in my area. It is great to do business with a company that has compassion for others. Thank you."
"The processing was smooth, Communication was clear and honest. Money was in my account within hours,"
I have a current loan with One Main. I was contacted through email and phone letting me know that I was approved to get an additional loan. I gave all of my information and was informed by a representative (Nikki) that I was approved (she even told me an exact amount). I find out today that this was false information and I am not approved (7 days before Christmas). I will not recommend nor use One Main Financial ever again. This is a cruel thing to do to someone who is struggling financially during the holidays.
The loan officers were very professional and extremely nice.
"This is the worst financial institution I have ever dealt with. I sent them a check for the amount that they told me was the pay off. They turn around and tell me I still owe $95 more
I asked them to wave this amount the told me a supervisor would call me within 24 hrs. Really it take 24 hrs. Finally they called she said she would see if this could be waved. It's been 3 weeks without a word. I called again and this lady was no help she just kept over talking me. She said they hadn't made a discussion if it would be waved. I just went ahead and paid it I NEVER want to do business with them as long as I live. All they are going to do is sent you a email talking about seeing what they can do to try and fix it. WELL you should have fixed it when I first called. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY. THEY ARE HORRIBLE!!!!! RUN FROM THEM!!!!!"
lack of communication. i didn’t know i had to wait so long to take another loan out
Everything was quick and very profesional . And the agent was very helpful and friendly.
I've dealt with one main for a few years now. They have ways been straightforward with me
Todd was extremely helpful and understanding regarding my situation. Thank you!
everything went quick and easy hassle free and all questions and information was explained in detail
"It was very easy to apply online.
The rates and the amounts were explained and shown without it being confusing. Signing the paperwork was very easy. The time for approval and the time for funds to arrive was very quick."
Process went very smoothly. Agent was extremely helpful. Very friendly atmosphere. Would do it again if it becomes necessary.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"The person that did my loan explained everything to me, so I could understand everything about the loan."
I like that I can call on my lunch. An with in a hour I can have the money in my account.
"Employees are ALWAYS helpful, informative and just so nice. Always willing to answer questions to make sure you understand the whole loan process."
Every one at the office were very helpful. Always very nice people to talk to. Easy to apply for a loan. Thank you all!
"From the first phone call to the last conversation, the representative was very professional, friendly and helpful."
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"The Young lady was excellent and above
With her customer service. Thank You ….!"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
The One financial group in Dodge City is amazing. Vanessa was excellent!! Thank you for what you do!!
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Great customer service and the wait time was none
The employees are easy to relate with conversate and understand.
"Tina W walked me through everything and it was easy! Within 72 hrs of my initial call I had refinanced my truck and they deposited $7400.00 into my bank account.
Thanks again to Tina and the team at One Main."
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Too much to do by phone or computer. Would rather had paper. As an older couple, we are not proficient in phone contracts."
everyone was very helpful and knowledgeable. they explained everything in great detail
"Kim, made the process super easy and convenient to our schedule."
"The entire process was seemless and easy. The people were friendly and accommodating. The office was clean and inviting. There were no delays, and my funds were in my account the following morning!"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Applying for a loan on line was smooth and easy with and very detailed. OMF staff was very efficient and pleasant with questions and loan process was well-explained to me. Receiving cash was indeed very timely and fast. My experience with OMF was indeed awesome and excellent.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Shelby was awesome with working out my contract letting me know what I can get she took her time with me and I valued her thanks again for taking the time out
"Very friendly customer service. Clerk saw me 10 minutes late with scheduled appt. The process took about 35 minutes due to slow computer, which is too long."
Always friendly and you don’t wait long to finish your business.
Very friendly and polite and worked very fast
The agent answered all of my questions and offered suggestions. She was personable and friendly. I would recommend OneMainFinancial to anybody who needed their services. She also gave me great directions on how to find the office.
I'm not sure how many stars to give a company that will be happy to take your money in the form of exorbitant interest rates yet not let you use the restroom in their offices. So bizarre.
The representative was extremely helpful.
I would recommend OneMain to my friends and family if they would need help with getting a loan I look forward to working with you guys for many years to come!!!
Nicole was absolutely fantastic. Previous experience with Barb was outstanding. Very helpful and professional. Both representatives were kind and friendly. Would recommend this office to others.
"Melissa at the Lancaster location was so helpful, efficient and friendly. She made the process so simple and stress free!"
"Leigh was very nice and professional. She told me what to bring. When I finally got everything together and came in, she made the process quick yet explained all details. I would definitely do this again."
"Great service.
There was a gal in the office that should not be there...
But someone else picked it up."
I want to thank you for giving me help when I needed it. Was Quick and Very Professional.
Brandon was very helpful and patient. Got our loan done quickly. Great Job. Thank You. Paula W
OneMain was very consistent and helping me with my needs. I was very happy with their work.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Quick easy very helpful staff very satisfied !!!
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
I wasn’t treated like a stranger! My first conversation was very friendly and didn’t take a lot of time which was important because I was trying to take care of business in between clients. It was even more helpful that we were able to complete the process remotely. Thank you OMF
The process was very smooth and uncomplicated.The staff was friendly and was very helpful. From loan application to funding was less than 48 hours which was a god-send!
The staff was very friendly. And clear about the loan. Thank you
Great customer service as always with this company everyone goes out of their way to help you out anyway that they can
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
The ladies that work in the Gulfport office are always so friendly and very helpful. They do everything they can to get people approved for a loan.
The Customer Service person was very polite and knew her job she explained things in detail and what I would expect. It was a pleasure working with her
Mrs. Nicole was such a great helper she answered all my questions and gave me the help I needed. She was very pleasant and understanding of my situation.... thank you Nicole!!! Recommended AAAA
"The company was polite , knowledgeable and friendly and was able to provide me with the loan that I requested that you very much"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"very nice to work with, and very helpfull."
The efficient way my loan officer handled my account. She was knowledgeable and helpful and very professional.
"Nichole in Batesburg is alway friendly, pleasant and eager to be all the help that she can be. She makes me feel like family. Most financial institutes make you feel like you’d rather be getting a tooth pulled. She has always been wonderful and deserves a raise!!"
"Everone was very helpful I was Blown away. I will always advertise your company. Great Great Job,I totally Pleased"
The staff was very accommodating and I felt at home with everyone. Very smooth and easy process.. I am very thankful for all that was done for my loan process.
Customer service was very good
This is a new start for me since my massive stroke in 2019 I hope this helps set me up for a vehicle purchase in 2024. The loan process was easier and quicker than expected. This optional insurance policy helps my daughter in the event of my death
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
I got the help I needed to pay off my credit card debts
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
We walked in not knowing what we would be financed for and Sara made us feel welcomed and at ease. She went through the loan options we had and we were able to pick what we thought was right for us and we were able to get some things done with what we got like our plan was.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Super easy to do and the employee handling my loan was very nice and friendly. Glad to keep doing business with your company.
The process was quick and easy. Great experience.
Every thing went well.the person that took care me was very helpful.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
fast and painless
It was quick and easy same day money was to me!!
"Quick and easy, good technology to facilitate the loan process and helpful loan officer! Great process!"
Fast easy ! Wonderful Associates!
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
The process was easy and very cooperative
The ladies were friendly and what I needed and took care of it right away
Ease of doing business. Very easy to understand the process.
I had a great experience.. Everyone on the team was helpful..
Good customer service
They helped me with a loan. And very nice people
Everything that they helped me with to get my car the way they explained everything to me grade a on how they helped me
It was a great experience for me by understanding how these loans work. Randy Roland was a great help expectancy that I am hard of hearing and he wrote things down for me. Some things that I wasn't sure if I needed but I took advantage of it. Hopefully I will make some use of it. Excellent job all around.
very helpful courteous explain everything in great detail an was very pleasant to work with they listen to me just great people to work with and yes i would do this again thank you
Jasmine was very helpful and told me all of my options. She also explained all parts of the loan application.
I was treated very well and professional.
"Awesome service. Quick in and out, since most of the work was completed ahead of time."
Chris was very easy to work with. The whole experience was quick and professional.
Fast service the employee was very helpful and nice.
Professionalism and courtesy in providing services
"Customer service was horrible. Was given the run around with 7, I repeat 7 different people Jared, Breanna, Vanessa, are 3 that gave me the most run around. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Worse service I have ever received. One main is a joke."
The woman who I applied for the loan with on the phone . She was very helpful and very informative..It made it easier for me !
The service was great and explained every detail and questions i had
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
The application and follow up conversations made it easy to complete the loan process.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
The representative was friendly and knowledgeable and attentive to my needs.
"Ms. Carrejo,
Was very helpful with expediting the long and most of all she was very friendly and professional"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Everyone is very nice and offers great help in what we need
They had everything ready when I got there so it made things fast and they were friendly and very helpful
"Your very professional, Very easy to talk with. The best team. I would refer you to others. Ty."
Heather was so friendly and knowledgeable. She offered an easy way to complete closing on the loan.
Hello from the point I found out being financie by you and talk with you very nice welcoming great customer care service and benefits payments and terms I like the caring follow ups as well thank you __
"Experience was great. Fernando and staff were very fast and attentive with helping us meet our loan needs.
Thank You! __"
One Main was excellent answer all questions made sure you understood everything and explain exactly what the loan was.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
The lady that waited on me was awesome !! She explained everything to me.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Vicki was such a knowledgeable and professional rockstar! She was incredibly helpful and kind and I appreciate how smooth she made the whole process!
my experience was awesome thank you for taking the time out to explain everything.
They gave me 3 options and everything was done over the phone on my lunch break and the money was in my account the next day..I have gotten a loan from them in the past and it took hours.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
I have been a member for years. OMF has always been there when I needed help.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
I had an amazing experience very professional guided me through everything never pressured me. They were literally on it. I was funded the very next day. I feel so grateful for this company so I could get on top of my finances. I feel very blessed. They did an incredible job I would refer them to anyone.
I was a approve when I go there and the service was wonderful
"Always through, quick and easy to work with"
I called in about information regarding increasing my loan. The representative was knowledgeable and gave me the information I needed. She was able to get the loan approved quickly once uploaded the requested documents.
The young lady who helped me was kind nice friendly and helpful. Thank you for helping me.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Hugo was very helpful. Great guidance and fast transaction!
We'll it's has been very helpful to assisting with my needs.
you guys really worked with me and were very professional about everything
It was very easy and took me less than an hour to get all i need. very easy loan process.
LISA MADE ME FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE AND SHE WAS SOOOOOO CONSIDERATE OF WHAT I WAS DOING...NOT EASY FOR SOMEONE HAVING TO GET A LOAN....THANK YOU LISA
Very courteous and thoughtful and explaining everything.
I received a notice in the mail and called to inquire about a loan talked with Amy I believe she was very helpful. She took my information and the next called me to tell me I was approved.
"Your agent was friendly and explained everything to me in a manner that I understood easily.
My only regret is that I didn't request a little bit more on my loan!"
I had no problems the ladies were very nice had no problem with the check
My experience was a very grateful one everybody was a pleasure to work with.
It was a great help to me! The staff was very supportive and nice. Thank you very much! It was also a very simple and easy process. Sheila Presson
"Date of experience: December 05, 2023"
Fast easy and very friendly and helpful I'm grateful thank you I would recommend you to all ppl in need of a car loan great job
"I did not have to wait to see a representative, everything for the loan was explained and shown to me. I'm sure to let anyone who is interested in a loan come see you."
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
Fast and easy. Joan was a delight to work with.
"Easy application process, agent was very helpful and knowledgeable."
Loan officer was thorough and quick.
Very efficient and effective. Customer service lady was outstanding
The attitude of everyone working in the office. Patience they had. Willingness to help.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
The staff at Logan Wv was very nice to us explained everything they was awesome now on other hand the office in mascot WV stop in there few days earlier told them I was thinking on a loan they was very rude hateful unprofessional!!! So very thankful for office in Logan WV
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
"I had a nice friendy loan officer. I got what I needed
Thank you"
"Very friendly environment, fast response for loan approval and I would definitely recommend"
I have forgotten her name. She was knowledgeable and friendly. I was very pleased. She had a gliche and the other employee came and helped her out fas they b problem solved together. I felt important and the conversation was such that I NEVER felt judged which was important to me. Please give her a bonus ( wish I could remember her name). I believe she was manager
Because you went ahead and approved me and it was urgent
Interpersonal communication was a big part of the positive. Felt good doing business with your team in Denton.
Everyone is pleasant and highly experienced.
"Date of experience: December 15, 2023"
One Main is a great ledpndind institution. Took 4 days to get my loan.
The young man who handled my loan was very professional and customer friendly.
Kasey was very helpful with with assisting me with my Business Matter.
"I am writing to express my utmost satisfaction and appreciation for the exceptional service provided by your loan consultant, Naira C. My experience working with Naira has been nothing short of excellent, and I believe she truly deserves recognition as a model employee.

Naira's positive attitude throughout the entire process was truly refreshing. It made the often stressful experience of securing a loan significantly more manageable. Her prompt responses to my inquiries demonstrated a high level of professionalism and dedication to customer service. No matter the complexity of my questions, Naira consistently provided thorough and clear answers, instilling confidence in every step of the process.

One of the standout qualities that I deeply appreciate about Naira is her patience. There were moments when I needed extra time to understand certain aspects of the loan agreement, and Naira was incredibly patient and understanding. This made me feel valued as a client, and I never felt rushed or pressured to make decisions.

Furthermore, Naira's commitment to courtesy and respect was evident throughout our interactions. At no point did she display any hint of rudeness or impatience, even when faced with challenging situations. This level of professionalism and kindness significantly contributed to the overall positive experience I had with your company.

In summary, Naira C has truly exceeded my expectations as a loan consultant. Her exemplary service, positive demeanor, promptness, patience, and respectful approach make her an outstanding asset to your team. I believe recognizing and acknowledging employees like Naira is essential for fostering a culture of excellence within your organization.

Please extend my sincerest gratitude to Naira and consider this as a heartfelt shout-out to her exemplary performance.

Thank you for maintaining such high standards of customer service.

Sincerely,
Edward A"
"I was beyond overwhelmed, and felt like My back was against the wall until OneMain emailed letting Me know I possibly could refinance the previous..
Successful & comfortable is an understatement!
Thanks again Katirya, You're 1 of the best to do it!"
"The original person that was supposed to handle my loan set up a time to call and blew me off. Then I get an email about the “closing” it leaves an address but doesn’t state whether it was a call or an in-person. We went to the address and the man who answered the door was very polite and stated that this dude had an unexpected “emergency” and would have an agent reach out to us.

We spoke with a fairly new agent Latia and she was AMAZING! Every question we had she answered and every text was responded to in record time. She did such an amazing job and how she was able to gain permission to speak with me because my husband drives for a living and cannot legally be on the phone was something I’ve never seen in a company and I’ve been in banking for over 14 yrs! Plz give her this msg and her kiddos within the building because she set the bar and I’m coming back for multiple other loans if needed. Tysm Latia for leaving that lasting impression, you have a client for life with us! Bravo!!!!"
It wasn’t time consuming and I received the funds fast.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"I have had several dealings with them and have never had anything go smoothly. I am a salesman at a dealership where we have about 20 banks, and sell between 100 to 150 cars a month. Yet we only do about 1 a month through them because they are RIDICOLOUS and ask for everything they can think of.

I am talking about birth certificates, socials bill, all bank statements (even though already had paystubs and proof of income wasn't even stated on the main approval!).It seems they want to collect as much unnecessary info as they can on every client they get. Everytime is atleast a 2 day ordeal (latest has taken 3 days), when any other bank takes MINUTES.

Once they get the buyers on the phone, they throw everything they can at them to get more money for things like gap, roadside etc. And will not take a simple no!

I have been in the car business for 20 years and have sold thousands of cars and we HAVE NEVER dispised a bank as much as this one. Do yourself a favor and stay away."
"My loan officer Beverly was very professional, knowledgeable and courteous. Beverly kept me informed throughout the process of my application status. The online application was very user friendly and documents were easy to upload. I received an approval the same day. I would definitely recommend one main financial to my friends and family or anyone who may need a financial resource, thanks Beverly for assisting me!"
Loan process was simple and quick. Will definitely will consider giving them more business job the future.
"Date of experience: August 30, 2023"
My representative Daisy was on top of everything and helped me out in every way possible
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
One Main Financial provided me with funds when I needed them the most. The process was quick and easy. Theyvwere very courteous and friendly.
Dalton is extremely helpful and nice and is great at his job.
"I’m so grateful to find a loan approval representative so
Knowledgeable and patient very patient helping me step by step
We need more people like her in positions like that
Thank you so much"
It was very fast
Anna was very pleasant and made my visit very comfortable.
"Staff was friendly, very helpful and very understanding. And made the process very easy to get through."
Timely and representative was very knowledgeable
"I had a very good experience. Your representatives were polite, patient and knowledgeable. My loan funds were directly deposited into my account 1 day after approval."
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Your representative was most supportive and didn't make me feel like a loser!!!
Was fast and easy with a lot less paperwork. Nice and friendly
Always top notch! That’s why we came back.Hope we won’t need another loan but in the event we do we will be back.
I love the service that I got. They were very helpful and understanding took time with me to help me with everything I needed.
"Every one has been wonderful, very helpful. A pleasant experience."
Very professional and knowledgeable in all aspects of the job.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
disappointed as first contact for a loan was told I could use my second car as collateral this application I was told no and there was only a month or two between applications.
There is a physical bank in my area.
The leadership at the office in Alameda are professional and supportive. They explained every question I had in detail.
It was a great experience Jenifer was so patient and explained everything so I understood the process very good experience
"How efficient your staff was, my loan was approved in such a short time."
"Noel was great, whole experience was seamless"
The individual who did the loan was very informative and knowledgeable.
"I received a call saying I was approved for a $4500 secure loan. When I got to the facility it had grown to over $20,000 and I was told repeatedly that this is the only way I can receive the loan at all. They selected at random different accounts to include in this loan, even when I requested different cards be included instead of the selected ones, I was again told that what they put together was my only option. They were only interested in taking some lower APR loans instead of the high APR ones that i was needing help with. Not interested in my thoughts on what would best serve me the customer, only what made since for them. In the future I suggest getting input from the customer as to how you can be helpful and what would best help their situation."
"Worst institution to work with. When you need some funds they offer you and they blow your email with offers and then they do not offer anything, is all lies. Not serious financial institution."
Theresa is always pleasant to work with and offers direction in my best interest.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Nicole was patient professional fast but careful ; she made sure my time table was more important than hers and ultimately quickly took care of my refinance needs and also had some very good lessons to teach me about how to continue growing and repairing my credit. Great job !
"It was quick and easy, no hassle."
The representative was very helpful and efficient in assisting me in the digital process
I believe in the the company and they work hard to please. The was very helpful with the application. And received the money right away. I payed my cards off. And now that I have one card I have to pay lest interest.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
My experience was so stress free. I always recommend One Main to people.
"The process was simple and the agent was very warm and helpful professional and informative with the process. I would recommend them to everyone.
Thank you"
I feel the process was easy and the staff explain everything. I appreciated the experience.
I was very nervous to go through this process but the rep that I spoke with over the phone was so helpful. I had trouble uploading my documents and she asked if I wanted to come into the office and she would help me. I went into the office and she did just that. She explained and went through everything for me and the next day my loan was in my bank account. I would recommend them to any and everybody.
"Sheri was very professional and very helpful in helping me get the right information she needed to complete the loan process. As an older person to another person
she was funny and witty and jus a pleasure to do business with. Very happy with the service"
Every dealing I have had with One Main has been great! Rob is wonderful and has taken excellent care of me and I am very grateful for him and the whole One Main Team!
was fast and easy. Did all the signing via the computer and it only took a few minutes. Money in my account the next day.
Danielle was very helpful throughout the process
They where very polite and professional very good place to go for a loan
I enjoyed the kind and helpful employee. They made me feel like family.
The Effingham branch has fast and courteous staff. Very helpful answering questions. Very good explaining everything.
"I really appreciate for the loan l qualify for it ,thank you for your business and support lm really happy and thank you again."
Very personal
You saved us when in need. Very kind workers.
My loan officer was friendly and kept me up to date
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"DO NOT APPLY HERE!! READ BEFORE:
TLDR: Lies, takes advantage, goes against FCRA & CFPB Regulations !

I am writing this review to express my extreme disappointment and frustration with my recent experience with One Main Financial. I strongly advise against wasting your time applying for a loan with this company, as they will only lead you on and waste your time without any intention of providing the loan they promise.

From the very beginning, their representatives gave me false hope and misled me into believing that I was approved for a loan. They assured me that all the information I provided was sufficient for the underwriters and that I would be approved. However, after submitting all the required documents and waiting for two days, I received a call from Carmen, their representative, just before they were about to close. To my shock, she informed me that my loan had been denied, without providing any valid explanation.

I repeatedly asked Carmen for the reasons behind the denial, especially since I had been offered a different loan based on the same information I provided to her. However, she failed to provide any satisfactory answers and seemed completely unaware of the current fair credit reporting act regulations. It is disheartening to see that the supervisors at One Main Financial are also not knowledgeable about these regulations, which are meant to protect consumers.

What is even more upsetting is that they do not seem to care about their customers' financial situations, especially during the holiday season. It is distressing to think that lenders like One Main Financial can affect the credit of middle-class individuals through false advertisements and misleading information, all for their own benefit.

I even shared with Carmen my recent hardship, which had caused damage to my home. She seemed sympathetic and excited to provide me with a loan, only to deny me after I had gathered all the necessary documentation. It took me three days to understand the issue, and even after explaining that I am an independent contractor with a stable income, they refused to offer me any alternatives or consider a co-signer. They even assured me that my car could be used as collateral, only to later backtrack on that statement.

Furthermore, it is unacceptable for a lender to inform a potential customer that their 2022 taxes will not negatively impact their loan approval, only to base their decision solely on those tax returns. It is outrageous that a company with a supposedly reputable reputation would rely on outdated methods of income verification, especially during the Covid pandemic. This practice goes against federal regulations for consumer protection and is incredibly unfair and biased.

I am currently working with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a local professional advocate to hold One Main Financial accountable for their non-compliance with FCRA regulations and the damage they have caused to my already existing hardship. Their actions not only violate regulations but also their own terms and conditions.

I urge anyone considering One Main Financial to save themselves the trouble and learn from my experience. It is best to go somewhere else for your financial needs where you will be treated fairly and with respect.

Happy to answer any and all questions about my experience as i luckily recorded all the interactions via phone with my financial advisor. Please, learn from me. Do not fall for their fake empathy or deceit. If your businesses suffered during the return from 2022, they will judge and discriminate against you based on that. They will NOT care about your 2023 income. They will only pretend to get you in their system to raise their own inquiry numbers."
"I didn't know whether I would have been approved for a loan with One Main Financial my credit was not excellent, and I surprise myself that I was approve for a loan."
I has a very helpful person name Jennifer who helped out. I was glad I got somehow was very helpful in her job. If I had to do it again I would love to get Jennifer as my assistant.
"the service, manager made me feel special."
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 30, 2023"
"Very good experience, d"
The lady that I was talking with was very helpful and understanding because I am not to good with computers I am pretty much the old school ways and she had a lot of patience with me and got me through it so Thank you very much I forgot her name if I ever would have to do this again I hope I get her again __
"I am very happy with the One Main financial and with Blanca for help to me when I needed the money for affix my car I hope pay good my loan, thanks for your help."
"Very fast, very good"
"Great company to work with. Jose from the Albany, Oregon location is absolutely amazing! He is very helpful and makes it a very easy process to work through. Highly recommend for anyone needing some financial help quickly."
Everything was efficient and you guys didn’t require a top-notch credit score. Your interest-rate is a little ridiculous but I guess it’s expected for my credit score.
Jordan helped me in every way to do my paperwork on line. I’m a senior citizen and he was prompt and considerate.
"The associate, Mary, assisting me with the whole process was really helpful and patient the whole time. We went over the whole process and she explained the details that were involved also."
Absolutely awesome! All the ladies were kind and professional. Ashleigh was very personable!
Cede was great. Very pleasant and answers all my concerns. Dale is also great. I give both of them a 10+.
"A quick response to my application. The staff was very nice, helpful, patient with my technical difficulties, and very skilled in processing the loan application."
Very friendly and worked with me to get my loan approved. Great staff
They really came through when we needed funds. It was quick and professional. We definitely made the right decision going with them!
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
It was fairly easy to get through the process but only with help from the representative from onemain he was extremely helpful very nice man and explained things..he's a credit to onemain don't think I could have done it without him thanks
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"I've been working with this company for awhile now and I have always found them to be friendly,helpful and pleasant. They never make you feel judged if you need help, and are quick with smiles."
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Todd was excellent! He worked with me uploading the docs which was giving me a problem! Thanks everyone was great! Happy Holidays!_____
"Didn’t get the amount I was told approved for Also would not provide better interest rate when I was told when first loan was originated pay six months on time and we will lower rates I kept my end but you guys didn’t
So I’m disappointed"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
My experience was excellent. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. Everything was explained to me thoroughly. My loan was done very quickly and professionally. I like my payments split into biweekly payments. I do not have anything negative to say about my experience.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"I was facing a dilemma and called OneMain for assistance. I explained my situation and was told in a most courteous manner that my request would be looked into and that I would be getting a call-back with an answer. I was informed in a timely manner that my loan request had been approved and explained key items of loan, and if I wanted to proceed. OneMain was very understanding of my situation and gave me the assistance I needed in a crucial time. All aspects of contract was explained. All personnel present was friendly, courteous, and very professional. I had a good experience."
Working with One Main Financial and especially with Holly was a very nice experience. She made it very easy to get all the tedious paperwork done.
Staff very friendly well informed. No pressure to force you to more then your needs. Very effcient. Thank you.
The customer service and how quickly the money was transferred to my account.
"They were prepares, organized, kind and knowledgeable
The Aberdeen office staff are on point"
I had a great experience with One Main Financial in Oak Lawn everyone was kind and they worked with me and I got my money right away.
Ally was great. The problem was with the computer system. I thought I was all done and then I got message saying something went wrong and I need to come back in and sign al over again. Should have taken about 10 minutes but took about 40. You need to get that fixed. Ally was very apologetic and took the best care of me that she could.
You made it so comfortable for me to make a decision. Thank you soooo much for creating a new loan at a payment I can afford.
"It was so quick and so easy
I just never seen something like that before
Love it"
I needed a little bit of cash quickly and within a couple of days I had what I needed. No hassle and I appreciate it.
Excellent customer service from start to finish.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
The clear and honest explanation about my qualifications to obtain my loan amount.
@Harvey team. Pretty smooth process. Funds were transferred the next day on a non-business day.
People were friendly and efficient
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Was a very good experience, very helpful, everything done in a short time, glad you could do everything from home. Will definitely use again."
It’s was a very pleasant and good experience. They met my needs. Very good customer services.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
the service rep was perfect and time consumed was not too bad
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 22, 2023"
Great Customer Service and Guidance through the entire process.
"Great svc, quick turnaround and pleasant workers. Impressed with how quickly I was in and out and money deposited in bank within the hour."
my experience good good treatment everything well explained I felt great
I have gotten two loans so far. They have been very helpful in approving the loans . Sharon Pysher has helped me and helped me to understand the loan process I really appreciate her help.
"It was fast, the whole team was efficient and very knowledgeable about the whole loan process. I would recommend One Main to one that is looking for a loan or needs that extra help with funds.
Thank you for all of your help,
Have a blessed day
Christine"
"The process that was explained well, the PR and the attitude that the LO had shown us."
I was very impressed with the customer service and the abundance of information regarding my loan throughout the process. As a first time applying for a loan any questions I had were answered in detail and I was happy with my decision in OneMain.
Wonderful customer service. Very attentive to my needs. Got me the loan I needed without any hassles.
The guy was great and patient that helped me!
"I am a previous customer of One Main Financial.
Ivory, the representative assisted me with every step of assuring a loan to fit my financial needs.
The process was smooth and effortless. Marybeth S."
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
The woman that helped me was very kind and professional. This made the process easy and quick .
Vicki was extremely kind and made me feel very comfortable. She made the entire process go quickly and smoothly
"Angi, worked with me to get this taken care of. This has brought piece of mind to me, I felt like I was drowning but I feel empowered now. Like I have control again."
"Staff is always helpful, thorough and efficient. I am very pleased!"
"My experience was very smooth,fast and awesome. My credit has taken a hit recently but you helped me when I needed it most. Thank you so much!"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Loan was quick
Madison was very friendly"
"The overall experience. The kindness and respect shown by the representative, and her willingness to work with me through the process."
"Once I got in , everything went quickly. Not trying to complain, but don't think its good for business. I called and no one was available to wait on me at that time. That was fine as she said she would call me back today. Never got a call back. Finally the next day, I called back. It was about 930. She said she would call me back by 1130. No call back till about 330."
"Debra was so helpful, friendly, and efficient! She far exceeded my expectations and helped me get a loan with great terms."
The service was quick and professional.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
This was the most horrifying racist racial ignorance I have ever encountered in my life. That Stacie woman at this Puyallup location needs to be fired immediately. She sat her Azz up there belittling me and every immigrant that walked through those doors at this One Main Financial. She has No right to voice her opinions in this office about how she is so tired of the immigrants coming in this country. She also deliberately sabotage my loan. I am paying off this loan sooner than later and never use your company again. I refuse to deal with a Racist company which allows your employees to behave in this type of manner in this office. Sharon King
Very friendly and professional. My loan application was processed in a very timely manner and deposited directly to my account the next day.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Good Oportunity and explanation about what it’s your better Option
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"What made my experience great was how easy it was to obtain a personal loan from One Main Fin. I had a choice of secured or unsecured. I chose the unsecured, did it all online, and did not have to visit the branch. The secured car title loan required me to make an in-person visit to the branch, which is also very easy and quick. Great service! Thank you!"
"The experience for me , was easy and professional.. highly recommended"
Great customer service in helping with my financial need. Thank you again.
"The service was great. Very pleasant and prompt service.
Truly professional. Thank you
Irma"
One Main was prompt and efficient in each step during the process. I recommend One Main for people looking for a quality solution to their credit needs.
"Emmerson was the absolute best!
Give that man a raise!"
Ty you was patient with my questions and all I had to do is sit patiently til it was done ty
They have your back if u need that extra cash $$$$ to pay of things
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
I had had a bad set of events happen in a short amount to time. I had talked to someone about not being able to make a payment in trying to pay for something else that had transpired in my life. Not only did they help with the payment the offered to rewrite my load to help off set some of the other debts that had come about. While it was not enough to cover everything I needed it sure came when I needed it the most!!
"My loan specialist was very helpful
She was extremely polite
She explained all aspects of my loan
I was in and out in minutes"
"They were accurate in what they advertise they were helpfull, however do to not having everything ready that they requested it took 2 days and the 3rd day my money was in the bank. Very happy"
Sue was amazing!! She made the process easy!
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
The agent was very nice and really helpful.
"Both times I have been in there , the ladies are always nice . They explain everything to me so I can understand. I feel comfortable and not overwhelmed."
I was easily guided through all the stages of my application
"It was very easy to obtain my loan, the agent assigned to me was very helpful and professional it made everything smooth and simple. I was able to get the amount I needed with low payments at a low interest rate. Thank you!"
Ever since I have been dealing with this company everyone has been so nice and very professional and that means a lot to me. Customer satisfaction I will give you 100%.
"They were friendly, fast and easy to work with."
everything was very good wonderful
It was easy and quick. It will kick start my journey to get out of credit card debt and helped me take care of basic needs without worrying.
very friendly and help full we got what we went there for we have been a customer for a while and have never had a problem
The staff is great.In and out friendly service.
They are so easy to talk to and very helpful
Awesome customer service. Fast and efficient. Easy process.
"Vanessa my representative was amazing, she was helpful and explained everything to where I could understand. I recommend them to anyone needing help to consolidate."
Brittany was wonderful . She deserves raise . Stayed late for me to get there . My money went to acct in an hour . She was very sweet and was fun to talk to. .Thanks to her and company
"the way Anabela handled the process, very profesional with the right details.

the other people were also very professional."
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Great service. The Onemain representative was professional and thorough. Application and requirements were easy to follow. My only complaint is the very high interest rates. I am a 4 time borrower and always pay on time full amounts. I recommend OneMain.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Josh was wonderful to work with and the process was easy!
I always like Kathy she is patient and very kind
Nicole was so sweet. Easy process the whole way. Very knowledgeable and friendly.
"It was such a pleasure to have excellent customer service. Borrowing money can be stressful enough, and the team in Frankfort made this simple and stress-free!"
The process was seemingly simple. I’m very grateful for the general easy it eas to complete this process.
"Always very helpful, and very friendly.. Would recommend doing business with them!"
Melanie was great. She explained everything to the max and gave me the best options. I would recommend them to anyone needing a loan. Thank You so much
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Always very easy..all is done when I arrive to make it a smooth process!!!
Wonderful people willing to help you at doing difficult times
"Kim excellent communication skills,
understanding of my needs and
was pleased to b able to meet them.
She knew how to b patient and help
a 72 yr old Senior Citizen."
The representative was very patient and helpful
I just loved the way they help thru our the whole application Naomi is a very outstanding employee she explains and answer all my questions __
I was greeted at the door when I went in. Everything was explained and the paperwork was done and signed. I felt very comfortable. And I was told to call if I have any questions or concerns. Dorothy Ingram 12/6/2023
"Date of experience: November 28, 2023"
You guys are so helpful. The process was so easy.
"Their representative was outstanding in her performance and attention to detail, she made me feel comfortable and at ease through the whole process."
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"The staff, Ana & Abigail, were helpful and informative. But 35% APR is too high."
Very helpful and provide the best options for loan
Kim was fantastically good! She was professional and went above and beyond to extend the best service possible.
"The one who helped me was very helpful. I hope she is there at least until I finish paying off my loan, just in case I have any questions __"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Friendly customer service and they help u when u need it..
Thank u
Merry Christmas"
I had a very good experience! Eric Harris was very professional and knowledgeable.
Loan Officer was efficient and professional throughout my loan process. They always go the extra mile to provide the best service.
"Look I finally feel like someone listened. My experience with Rocia, was great she went above and beyond for me at the hardest time of year. I've been a customer for years that girl will never be toped. She likes her job, is respectful to customers, and does her job. Thank you to her. I hope management knows what they have and appreciate it."
Courtney was fantastic…oh so caring and helpful.
They really help me out another I can't thank you enough for all you have done for me
My closing took about an hour and a half. They didn't seem to know what they were doing. They required they pay off my line of credit and told me the payoff would reach them in 1-2 business days. It still has not reached them and now the balance is way more than was sent. They called me an hour before closing to tell me I needed my divorce decree and bank statements in order to close.
"The professionalism of Aimee White at the Battle Creek office was greatly appreciated. She helped me with navigating through the loan process. So the Customer service was great.
THANK YOU AIMEE."
"On this stressful days, they help me with every step and made it feel easy to complete everything I need it for my loan."
They were great helping me get me get my loan thank you
"This is a great company to conduct business with; no hassle, no nonsense, friendly, and easy to deal with for service. They really want to help. They provided me with more than I initially ask for during this season. Keep up the good service. Thanks for all that you do!"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"I had a loan with OMF before but the extra perks were not explained as thoroughly the 1st time as they were this time. Nice, Friendly personnel with a speedy check out. Love-Love your Speedy deposit!"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Everything about one Main was great sales representative I had was perfect great personality __ can't wait to see her again for refinancing thank you
I was working with the assistant manager and she was great. We had an interesting situation due to income being in a different name than my new married name but she was able to work with it efficiently. The entire process was very quick.
"The representative that I worked with (Alysha) was very helpful, timely and explained everything."
"Great customer service, quick turnaround between submitting application and receiving money. Easy application process."
They were so eager to help me in spite of the blocks I had against me. This is my second loan through this company They always are there at the right time and they do everything to help
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
Everything was great! The representative I spoke with was very helpful and educated. She wasnt pushy when I had second thoughts and answered my questions thoughtfully. I would do business with this establishment again.
Was on point and very knowledgeable great experience
Morgan was very understanding of my situation and explained everything really well. So nice n friendly
Marcos was such a breath of fresh air to communicate with. Very professional
"Carrie from the Longmont office helped me out tremendously. She was patient, kind, and made sure that I was making the right choice. This was my first time with a personal loan, and I would definitely recommend Onemain to anyone who needs it. Thank you so much, Carrie!"
The staff at One Main will work with you and try to help you as much as possible. They are very personable and helpful.
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
I'm very happy the way they work.I was at the office for a loan in 30 minutes I was approved and my money in the bank.
"Fast, easy, and got my loan the same day."
The business transaction was simple. The staff was great to work with. Cody is always thorough but not pushy. They worked hard to put you in the best financial position possible.
Good service an attention and the talk clear
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
I got my loan on December first but I still haven’t received the money been trying to find out what’s happening but no one can help
They were very helpful and respectful. I would recommend them to anyone.
It’s easy and they’re all so great to work with
One main financial assisted me swiftly and providing the necessary funds in less than 24 hours. Easy process at a great rate.
"Wonderful!!
Very pleased with their services"
"Date of experience: December 06, 2023"
"Very professional and excellent service especially Erica Camacho she had the most patient with me and handed my loan by giving more time before it expires and keeping me on track before it expires or I'll have to reply for the loan again which save us let's of time , she was wonderful Hats off to her!!!"
the process was great and i had a emergency and had to have the money BUT WAS NOT HAPPY THAT BECAUSE I TURNED 70 YEARS OLD I WAS NO LONGER ABLE TO GET THE LOAN INSURANCE TO PAY OFF THE LOAN IF SOMETHING HAPPENED TO ME........AGE DISCRIMENATION.....PERIOD
"Treated us so kind , very professional & efficient"
Outstanding professional service by Taylor
Very unprofessional. Was approved went though all paperwork was never called back or given a reason why no they wouldn't process the loan . So now I have active loan paperwork sign by me and no will give me reason why or why not this is hanging in limbo. Also Jordan need customer service classes ! Wouldn't recommend at all
Discussed with them my situation and they worked out a reasonable solution. Thank You!!!
The employee had a deep knowledge of the banking products and services. The staff were friendly and provided a pleasant atmosphere and provided highly trained individual with excellent communication skills.
"Great help customer support

Thank you"
The gal that helped me was extremely professional and quick to answer with all of the details and answers to my questions! Made my experience very memorable and look forward to doing business with One Main in the future
I applied for a personal loan on 11/29/2023 and was told I could easily return/cancel the loan if I changed my mind. Today is 12/2/2023 and I have attempted to call my local branch on 12/1/2023 3 times and left them detailed information on my loan and wanting to cancel. I have emailed the “help” section and I have not had any response.
Everyone was courteous and made the experience less awkward.
It’s a great feeling being trusted to honor a commitment .my appreciation will be expressed during our relationship.I will do my part and thank you for doing yours
The person who did my loan was so nice and pleasant came in to close the loan addressed me by my name mad me fell good the ladies there was supposed one main should be proud that you have them working for you
My loan application was approved and processed in a timely manner to my complete satisfaction. Thanks.
"ATENCION CUIDADO! Obtienen todos tus datos, información bancaria, dirección, datos de tus bienes, todo! Luego se hacen la vista gorda para darte respuesta sobre tu peticion de prestamo, dicen que te contactarán y lo hacen solamente por unos pocos segundos para decir que te volverán a contactar y no lo hacen, fui personalmente a la oficina ubicada en la San Bruno, CA. el trato de las damas ahí presentes fue muy grosero, con caras de amargadas, poco profesionales con el trato al cliente, después de un rato me dijeron que me iba a llamar una persona, la cual al llamarme me dijo estas palabras “estoy tomando esta llamada la cual no es de mi incumbencia, si quieres seguir el proceso puedo ayudarte pero rápido porque tengo mucho que hacer y esto quita mucho tiempo” le dije bye y colgué la llamada, volví a entrar a la oficina y me dijeron que iban a mandar un email a un manager y que esperara otra llamada en los próximos días, ya cancele mi petición y ellos se quedaron con TODA mi información. Que harán con esa información mía? Sabra Dios. TENGA CUIDADO AL PROPORCIONAR INFORMACIÓN PERSONAL.

ENGLISH.
ATTENTION BEWARE! They get all your details, banking information, address, details of your assets, everything! Then they turn a blind eye to give you an answer about your loan request, they say they will contact you and they do it only for a few seconds to say that they will contact you again and they don't, I personally went to the office located in San Bruno, CA. The treatment of the ladies present there was very rude, with bitter faces, unprofessional with customer service, after a while they told me that a person was going to call me, who when calling me said these words ""I am taking this call which is not my concern, if you want to follow the process I can help you but quickly because I have a lot to do and this takes up a lot of time” I said bye and hung up the call, I went back into the office and they told me that they were going to send an email to a manager and to expect another call in the next few days, I already canceled my request and they kept ALL my information. What will they do with that information of mine? God knows. PLEASE BE CAREFUL WHEN PROVIDING PERSONAL INFORMATION."
"Date of experience: November 20, 2023"
This company was easy to work with and kept in touch well!
"The Representative was thorough, helpful, professional yet kind and understanding. The process was completed in a very short time."
Brieanna was quick and responsive. She worked around my schedule and made sure I got my loan. Interest rates aren’t great but I think that’s a given with loan companies like this.
The process was simple and they made everything easy to understand. The money was deposited the next day.
"I was in and out.The person explained everything, that I had to sign."
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
Professional and knowledgeable. Made me feel like I was the only customer that mattered while I was there
"Quick, friendly and knowledgeable."
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"What made my experience great was able to set an appointment and easily call to reschedule. The appointment didn't take long to get the paperwork done very polite.
And was done in a timely manner."
They're very helpful kind and considerate of your needs very well done
"Chen was fabulous! Very kind and helpful! Very professional and courteous. Guided me through the whole process very supportive!
Mathew was also very helpful and supportive!"
Jennifer made the whole process easy and very efficient
Great people to work with to get exactly what you need :)
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
Cayden was very helpful and detailed about my option and made sure that I understood the condition of mine loan. Very professional and very friendly!!!! Thank you so much
"Everyone there were very friendly, and very patient. The office was clean and the atmosphere was inspiring."
The people in your office were very friendly and nice and very helpful they did a great job very personable I give them a five star
"Everyone was very nice , it all went very well. Thank you again."
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"I love, Ellie Rodriguez she is a true professional and a credit to One Main Financial. A very Pleasant young woman that I enjoy."
"OneMain Financial did a great job financing my car purchase. Their documentary requests were simple and understandable. The closing process couldn't have been easier, I closed in their Crest Hill location using their eSignature app.

Well done OneMain."
"Ryan, was knowledgeable and thorough!"
"Patricia was amazing,
She went out of her way to assist me & even stayed late the day before Thanksgiving to make sure all my paper work was correct."
Got me through the process really quickly. Plus the crew was very nice.
Fast and easy the staff was helpful and respectful
"The reading of the signs when you walk into the place, it gave me comfort in knowing I would receive professional assistance, and I did! The associates are very polite and professional and knowledgeable on the best options for customers."
I had originally called to see what the payoff would be because I was going to try and get a loan from a bank to pay off this loan and a couple of credit cards to get my monthly payments cheaper. They offered to refinance the remaining balance and put $499 back in my pocket and have a much cheaper payment to give me some breathing room so I can start getting stuff paid off. Excellence Customer Service!!!
They was very helpful on the loan process and they got it done very quickley Thanks Marshall Montgomery
"Process was fairly straightforward, quick and easy"
I was impressed of the quick service I was given. The company was very professional. The staff was very friendly.
The whole team !!! Everyone very helpful and courtesy!! Very professional!
My experience at OneMain was excellent it was beyond!! Great job.!!
"Marisol was very thorough, patient and detail oriented.
She walked me through step by step and made the whole process so easy, I couldn't believe it."
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"The advisor was professional, informative and stay on top of the loan until it was completed. I completed a majority of the process digitally and closed on the loan digitally but was guided through the process by the advisor."
"The lady that helped me, i forgot her name was very knowledgeable and was very thorough."
Very helpful and courteous as well as quick
"My experience was top notch.
I have never used a company like this , so I didn’t know what to expect.
I was helped by Jessica Caudill , she made me feel totally comfortable and filled me in all all options and answered all of my questions. She is a true professional and made my experience pleasant.
Thank you
Tim Trotman"
Great customer service and support. They made it quick and easy.
"I worked with Brytne Latona. She answered all of my questions and helped me secure a new loan. She was knowledgeable, helpful and very pleasant. I've been a client of One Main Financial for several years and am very happy with the Webster, NY office."
"Tammy has great customer service, and is mainly one of the reasons I keep coming back !"
The people in the Gadsden office were great they took the time to make aure that things were done right even amoungst the confusion that happened after. I would definitely recommend them to people.
The people were very nice. Mrs. Adela Ramirez was exceptionally helpful and friendly she made me feel at ease.
Quick response after application was submitted. Explained everything and asnsweres any questions I asked. Overall great experince
Great experience. Great service will do business with auburn branch again
The representative that assisted me was super nice and helpful. She was awesome to work with. I will come back because of her professionalism
Brittany was really helpful and friendly. She did great throughout the transaction.
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
Process was timely and didn’t take all day.
They went above and beyond with great service. Kudo's to One Main for having a wonderful display of teamwork.
Our young lady that helped us was great. The only issue we had was we were told that we were approved for 6300 and the morning that we were coming to sign the paperwork it changed to 2500. We are happy with that but I could see that she felt like she lied to us. She will always be our go to person each time we want services. Again I want to thank her for her help.
"Good customer service, did not take long to process the application, in & out about 20 minutes"
"Everything went well. I got in kind of late, with all the obstacles that came up it was pretty quick. Thanks OneMain A1 service."
"Jamie was professional, knowledgeable and provided a quick response! Everything you look for in a loan officer!!!"
"My loan advisor was so amazing and made the experience so easy! Will definitely have to do this again!

Thank you"
"Very quick and easy process . We had it all completed in less than 5 hours, thanks"
OneMain rep (Sylvester- I believe this was his name) was very patient and professional.
"I been with One Main Financial for several years, I always had positive experience with company. Their staff are very helpful, and they explain every detail of loans or other services. I would recommend One Main Financial to family, friends, or associates who are in need for financial assistance."
Customer service was great in guiding new through each step to complete my loan request.
everything was great very professional and courteous
"I've used One Main Financial 3 times and every time I did, it was very easy and pleasurable. This last time, was even easier cause I was able to do everything online, which was so convenient. The people there are all so nice. I would definitely recommend them to anyone."
The process from beginning to signing was very easy. Norma in the Rowlett office was GREAT!!!
Very friendly and fast. Was able to get the money deposited within hours.
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
I feel valued and well taken care of. Thank you Andrian for assisting me. Will surely comeback again and Highly recommended One Main Financial! The best!
"Very profesional, fast and clear"
No long wait time and good customer service.
Fantastic. Simple and no hassle
"David made my experience quick, easy and stress free! You might want to keep him around! Thank you, David!"
All of the people in the office were friendly and helpful. I appreciate them.
My first experience with a different location was horrible communication. I had no experience in applying for a loan and they were not helpful at all. I decided to try another location and they were absolutely wonderful. Great experience from start to finish. I highly recommend the Som center location. __
Quick response and explained all changes for my refinance. I like to pay additional on my principle. That was also addressed during the transaction. Highly satisfied with my service.
Entire procedure was quick and seamless. Staff were friendly and professional.
Staff was personable and very helpful. Ease of use online. Very knowledgeable in their offers and ability to be flexible. Answers to specific questions were direct and informative.
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
Person on the phone was great to deal with
"Kindness & Profession Kind understanding they listened they explained things Thorley.Thank You Have A Blessed Day
Theresa k Patterson"
Was a 10 every helpful in making on sure I understand and answer all questions.
Transaction is very convenient and requirements are easy. Really helpful for people who needs loans.
"I was doing my loan process trough the app and I was already approved for a X amount, while I was e-signing the documents I got disconnected from the internet and the session was interrupted. I contacted the local branch, and was asked to come in to finish the process. I did come in and just to find out that I was approved for a lesser amount. Anyways, thank you"
"Easy process, very friendly, walked through each step! Thank you"
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
Matthew customer service was great is was patient and very understanding of my needs. he was very professional and helpful.
"Made you welcome was fast and helping you get the n
Job done awesome people"
"Was very good and prompt service! Was able to get it all done over the phone.
Thank you"
"OneMain made it easy, with caring associates, quick turnaround and an app that allowed me to get it done all in one place"
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
This place is a great place to get a loan. Friendly and helpful employees and fast turnaround. I highly recommend.
Excellent customer service! Well informed and keeps the customer updated.
People are great and help me out. And it’s an easy process thank you.
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Fast response , nice people"
Friendly staff! Very helpful
"My loan officer was kind, courteous and knowledgeable. She went over everything in detail regarding my loan."
James in the fairhope office was very helpful
"I came in and was waited on right away. The ladies in the office were friendly, polite and attentive. The paperwork was easy to follow and explained sufficiently. It was a very good experience for me."
The terms of my agreement were explained clearly. The online forms were easy to complete and the transaction was fast.
As usual the ladies at the location I have spoken with helped me tremendously and are so courteous and friendly. They are wonderful
"Sophia was very helpful and efficient and guided me through the process
Thank you very much for being a great organization"
"Well-informed and thorough customer service made my much-needed loan possible, so I could get extensive auto repairs and DMV services completed."
"Im going to be real honest with you, if it wasn’t for my daughter’s credit score being as low as it was I would have quit the application. I have bought a house that took less hours to get done. I have bought new cars with less information. And then after I signed with her and my credit being great it was still a very high interest rate but she wanted the car. I get you wanted to be thorough but the same questions were asked multiple times. I would never come to you for another loan."
"I’m the guy who never thought he could get a loan, a substantial loan to me, unsecured with my credit/history. OneMain set me up with just that. 30 minutes on the phone. Sent the same day, amazing experience 1000% would recommend"
Alexis in Humble was great. She Explain the process in detail and was very helpful!
Andrew was a great rep for One Main Financial. He walked me through every step with ease and made the process enjoyable.
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
Very warm & personable. Process went fast and she chatted in between.
"Stacy was very knowledgeable, professional and fast."
The staff is great. The office is clean and inviting. I have barrowed twice from this lender and they'll always be my go to lender. Thank you.
Cynthia was very helpful and knowledgeable. Covered all my options very well and helped me decide on the one that best fits my needs.
The entire process was seemless. From uploading documents to getting a list of dueable options.
The experience was fast and easy and very professional . The money was in my account in about 35 min!
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"The experience was great, from approval to paperwork, it took no time to get everything done, the loan agent was very helpful and professional and very nice, two thumbs up, and thank you for everything."
"So professional and willing to help, pleasant, kind and helped me in my time of need.."
The staff was courteous… the wait time to be seen was right away. My loan agent was very explanatory as well as caring for my situation and myself! The only thing that I would have changed is the interest rates… I would definitely refer friends and family to this establishment.
Brian was very professional and kind with the handling of my loan process. He had everything wrapped up in a very short time and was thorough in his explanation of the process.
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
They are very good and kind and helpful people
The best and easiest and FASTEST experience. Everyone was great!
Customer service is excellent. Gave multiple options.
"It was simple to apply, quick to get the loan accomplished, and Caitlin was kind, professional, and great to work with!"
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
I have been getting emails for a loan I did not request or receive.
Every transaction has been easy. Friendly and knowledgeable.
Everything went so smooth no stress at all. VASCO answered all my questions and was very helpful
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"I got outstanding service and was treated like there number one customer.

Jose Medellin"
"Brittany was very professional, making the process stress free"
"The staff was excellent and very knowledgeable!
Thanks"
I applied online after receiving the mailer. It was an easy process. Thurran contacted me right away and was very professional. He scheduled an appointment within 2 days and told me everything to bring. We successfully closed the deal.
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Allan was very helpful, professional and help me with all my needs."
Everyone was very polite and went out of their way to help get the loan done
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
It was a great experience! Jill was wonderful to work with!
Mandy and Jenna were professional and friendly. Fast turnaround from approval to funding.
I was able to obtain more funds easy and the staff was great
"Easy, convenient, hassle free."
"I have had multiple loans of all different sizes and everytime the customer service has gone above and beyond to ensure that my needs are met, made it easy to get the loan and complete it for fast and easy direct deposit always the next day. I love using this company and will continue too. I plan to use them for the down payment on my house in the near future..."
My experience was great! Loan closing was great! DD is amazing.
"Great communication! Found the best options for our needs, was transparent and so easy to work with! This is our second interaction with One Main and with Kelli as our rep! Such a pleasure she is!"
Irene was very helpful and thorough with everything. It made for an easy and pleasant experience.
I love one main they always help me financially not having the greatest credit thanks guys hope to keep this partnership a long time.... and Clair is a great employee __
All of the employees I talked with were very helpful kind patient and understanding. Great people to work with. Would highly recommend to family and friends.
Great customer service and quick results . The whole experience was absolutely an easy one .
"I wish that I could remember the name of who helped me, but she was very professional and did very well helping me navigate thru the application process. She was very polite and I appreciate her!

I highly recommend OneMain Financial for loans!"
Very helpful and made my experience very pleasant thank you
Thank you One main for assist me with my loan __.
They made everything clear and understandable
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
Always have a wonderful staff and they treat you amazing.
"I came to sign my paperwork but wasn’t told to bring my title for the vehicle. Came back the next day with title then was told I had to have full coverage on a 20 year old vehicle worth less than $3k.
Fortunately the manager Kyle was able to get me the loan without that coverage. I think it’s ridiculous that I’ve paid off multiple loans to your company including the last one of over $36k and you still make me jump through hoops just to get a $3,400 loan. After this one is paid I won’t be coming back as a customer."
My loan process was very quick and the officer has been very professional to all my needs
"They were very friendly and helpful, always a pleasure to work with."
"Was a very comfortable experience, second time using your firm and satisfied so far. Would definitely recommend you to anyone!"
"This is the third time I’ve gone through the loan process with OMF. It’s like doing business with an old friend.
Everything is done smoothly. Questions are answered completely. Money deposited into my account when they said it would. Thank you, OMF."
"Ms. Laura Crain, was very knowledgeable of the process, that left me with very few question and a smooth pleasant experience."
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Great experience
You guys wasted no time qualifying me
I do appreciate doing business with you
We are on our way to a great success"
"EASY, QUICK, AND I HAD MY MONEY FAST"
"The representative, Elly, was very fast and responsive, and kept me updated throughout the process. The online experience worked fine -- very good compared to other platforms I've used for other things, and it was easy for a person to navigate the first time in."
"Your service was very prompt, and the representative was very pleasant all along the way, from application to approval. Representative explained every thing very clearly about the offers and options."
Easy to deal with folks there. Did deal completely on the phone. Esigned and funds went directly to my checking account. My 3rd loan. Great guys in Greer location. Highly recommend.
"Logan was great, explained everything"
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Everyone in the Office were so polite, The Loan Product was easy to understand was explained to me thourouly and the rate on the Loan was really good. The whole process went very smoothly took very little time to process."
It was a great one.
They are always there for you they understand what you're going through and make things better when you go in to get a loan
"They worked well with what i needed they've always done there best to work with me in all the years I've dealt with them,they are a friendly group of people and seam to understand your needs and do there best to help you."
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Professional, courtesy and efficiency. All top notch traits of your salesman. Much appreciated. Made the whole process painful."
"The ladies at the Rotterdam branch were very helpful and very informative. The process was so quick and within just a few days from start to finish, the loan was complete."
"The staff was knowledgeable, professional, expert with the process, as well as understanding and kind. I was extremely pleased and grateful for their assistance."
"The professionalism, hospitality, and courtesy I received from Rachel Kirk. She stayed in contact and worked with me until I was able to make it in for an appointment. She was very easy to talk to and very informative and straight forward with everything involving the loan process."
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Simply fast application process, with an easy approval."
Your customer service your loan experts are amazing. If they don’t know the answers they quickly find the answers. It was a great experience. I would recommend those company 100%. This is our second loan and it has been very easy.
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 29, 2023"
The people were very nice and professional
Did not like the fact that they don't tell you about the insurance. They pretend that you need it and don't ask if you wanted. Witch is not mandatory
"Everything was simple, clear, and direct. I was helped but several employees and every single one of them were super nice and patient while working through the process. They were all very helpful."
Tina does an awesome job and goes above and beyond to help in anyway she can.
"I thought we did the right thing, with a not so good credit score, in 2019. Been on phone for over an hour trying to cancel 4 ins. 1 exp 2021 home and car ins, we live in OH, its a law to have car ins, we didn't own our home at the time for home ins. We asked for only 1 ins. Now with only 6 payments remaining, yes our fault for not noticing earlier, but their fault for doing this to us. Over $800.00 later, not including the home & car ins. Around last March, don't know why, with good credit, not thinking maybe, no huge car payment like 1st loan, they denied us a $2,000.00 loan. Because I would not hand my paid off car title over to them!! Told us to leave, because I was very, very upset. But now call my phone and my boyfriend's at least 1 a month asking us if we need any extra $$?? That phone call i asked if we both needed to be present to cancel and was told no, by the time it was almost over guess what, he needed to be present, over $5.26 for the Life ins because they took $457.99 and $4.49 Disability because they already have taken the $390.80 that we gave them permission to take out. I don't know, maybe think twice!! I am very, very unhappy and disappointed in One Main!! The $2,000.00 loan, was asked for before I noticed all this insurance nonsense going on!! I have several reviews, also. This is my 1st 1star review!!"
People were all very helpful and friendly.
"The gentleman I was working with, Larry, took great care of my needs and wants, worked with me, followed up with me on action items and was very informative about allll my options. This was probably the quickest loan process ive ever went through and I received payment within the same day I finalized everything. 10/10 experience! Thanks Larry!!"
"Great people to assist to cover all the bases and very patient helpful
Thanks much

Chris J"
"On Wednesday, November 22nd. I went to OneMain Financial located at 2419 W. Jeffereson St. Joliet IL. 60435. I had previously sent all requested information by email and was told that I was approved for a loan and all I had to do was sign the documents in person to receive my loan.

When I arrived, a young gentlemen who I cannot recall his name assisted me. I had requested for the $4,500 loan which I was approved for. I asked to do the 4 year payment plan. The young men who was assisting me then stepped outside of the room we were in and Daniel Solomacha walked in and immediately stated that he is the branch manager and that if he does not approve my loan, I would receive no loan. I then asked Daniel, why am I being told this. And Daniel proceeded to say that the only way he would approve for me to receive the loan is if I lower my loan request and get it for the 3 year payment plan and not the 4 year payment plan.
I then explained to Daniel that I was very comfortable with my choice and that as an Office Manager who has a solid job, I can afford to make the payments and would like to proceed with my choice of loan and payment plan. Daniel then firmly stated that he would not approve anything if I do not take his choice. Therefore, I was forced to take a lower loan in the amount of $4,000 and the payment plan of 3 years which is what Daniel wanted me to take. I did not want this. I was forced to go with this in order to receive the loan.

This to me is very disturbing and upsetting. My credit score was looked into when I applied for the loan and clearly who ever ran my credit score, was able to see that I have a 100% payment paid on time score. I also have a solid good paying job. Which is why I was qualified. So I do not understand why I was told by the young man who was assisting me at first, that I qualify for $4,500 and that I have the option of doing a 4 year payment plan or a 3 year payment plan, when that clearly was not an option to me. Daniel, the branch manager, took it upon himself to decide how much of a loan I will take and what the extension of the payment plan I would be taking as well.

I left the location very unsatisfied and very upset with an awful experience from your branch manager. Needless to say, I will never recommend OneMain Financial to anyone.

Daniel Solomacha is an entitled rude individual who will force you to take whatever loan he finds more suitable for to him rather then allow the customer to make their own choice, or else he will not approve you for a loan if you do not take what he is forcing on to you."
The staff. at this office on sunset are great they explain every. Thing thoroughly mr micheal I s the. best heis very efficient and kind and he respect his customers and mske us feel important..i.will always get my loans from them and encourage others to do the same
"On Wednesday, November 22nd. I went to OneMain Financial located at 2419 W. Jeffereson St. Joliet IL. 60435. I had previously sent all requested information by email and was told that I was approved for a loan and all I had to do was sign the documents in person to receive my loan.

When I arrived, a young gentlemen who I cannot recall his name assisted me. I had requested for the $4,500 loan which I was approved for. I asked to do the 4 year payment plan. The young men who was assisting me then stepped outside of the room we were in and Daniel Solomacha walked in and immediately stated that he is the branch manager and that if he does not approve my loan, I would receive no loan. I then asked Daniel, why am I being told this. And Daniel proceeded to say that the only way he would approve for me to receive the loan is if I lower my loan request and get it for the 3 year payment plan and not the 4 year payment plan.
I then explained to Daniel that I was very comfortable with my choice and that as an Office Manager who has a solid job, I can afford to make the payments and would like to proceed with my choice of loan and payment plan. Daniel then firmly stated that he would not approve anything if I do not take his choice. Therefore, I was forced to take a lower loan in the amount of $4,000 and the payment plan of 3 years which is what Daniel wanted me to take. I did not want this. I was forced to go with this in order to receive the loan.

This to me is very disturbing and upsetting. My credit score was looked into when I applied for the loan and clearly who ever ran my credit score, was able to see that I have a 100% payment paid on time score. I also have a solid good paying job. Which is why I was qualified. So I do not understand why I was told by the young man who was assisting me at first, that I qualify for $4,500 and that I have the option of doing a 4 year payment plan or a 3 year payment plan, when that clearly was not an option to me. Daniel, the branch manager, took it upon himself to decide how much of a loan I will take and what the extension of the payment plan I would be taking as well.

I left the location very unsatisfied and very upset with an awful experience from your branch manager. Needless to say, I will never recommend OneMain Financial to anyone.

Daniel Solomacha is a very rude entitled individual who will force unto a customer whatever loan he finds convenient to him and will not allow a customer to make their own choices."
I had a very positive experience at the Meadville One Main. I had a few questions about closing credit accounts and received sound advice from the loan officer.
It was quick and the employees were very knowledgeable
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"They were great, help me get a great understanding of what I am singing and what I am agreeing to! Thank you all at my location. They are super nice!"
Your representative responded in a timely manner and I was able to complete my loan within a day. The process was easy and complete in a professional manner.
It was real easy
Everyday with credit one that works really good for meverybody's real kind to me up there
"Good communication. Listen well to my needs and find a solution. A Nice Website makes managing accounts easy. Convenient location
Friendly staff in Plainfield Office"
"fast, communication, customer service"
It was such a fast and easy process. I applied on line and within 4 hours I had the money I needed. Customer service was fantastic!
Kayla was very helpful and very professional
Brock was very helpful and the only problem I had was how long it took and continuing to ask for some new document on a daily basis. You think everything is submitted...WRONG!!! But after a couple weeks finally was done.
The customer service was excellent and on top of they'll help you with everything online with no hassle...
Positive Results. I took all of the necessary paperwork in one day and the next day I was approved for my loan.
"This group works together as a team. It is a pleasure
to work with such a knowledgeable team."
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
The lady who assisted me was extremely helpful and kind. It was as though I was important. Very appreciated.
They were very friendly and helpful
The gentleman who helped me was so patient and caring. He was very careful to make sure I understood everything. Couldn't have had a better experience.
The people at OneMain Financial were very helpful they went above and beyond to see what loan was best for us. Everyone was very helpful and very nice.The employees and Manager.
"My sales agent took the time to go through all of the important facets of my loan with me. Very patient and stayed past closing time to help me finish and fund my loan that night. Very professional, knowledgeable, caring and friendly. Did out standing!"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Fast, efficient, and staff was well prepared"
I applied for a loan I have good credit good income. Both unsecured and secured loans had an interest rate of 35%. Who in the world can afford to pay this much interest.
friendly staff. it was closing time and they didnt rush me
"The whole process went fairly quick, up until the signing of the documents. We were unable to complete the process online and I had to into a different location in person to complete all the documents. Other than that, everything was so smooth. Bryce in Westminster was amazing and so nice and patient"
I have used One Main in the past and was so happy to see that they continued with the great customer service
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
I love the items that I got they were true to size came on time very good products
I knew the agent and she was very helpful and knowledgeable
The whole process was quite easy & extremely fast. I hope the next few years are the same.
"The young lady that helped me was Sayward, they are very helpful and they explained everything very well, I would recommend to everyone. Excellent experience"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Time frame for service was great! Loan officer very professional yet cordial!
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Jade was amazing. She walked me through everything and explained everything screen by screen. She went above & beyond to help me, answer all my questions & always called me back instead of leaving me hanging. She is the reason I will use OMF again."
maandy made my experience amazing completly transparent and didnt pressure me into anything. she was very responsive and helpful. very please and i will return after my current loan is paid back.
Loan process was super easy- also monthly payments are set up easy to make and can pay off early saving interest! Love it!
Joanne!! She's been the heart & soul for years!! Thank you again Joanne for everything!!
"OneMain Financial was amazing to work with in getting a loan, very easy and quick. Sandra, who helped me, was so wonderful. Should I consider another loan down the road, I would most definitely come back here."
The process was quick and simple with wonderful customer service…
My experience was good. The loan officer made the process very easy by doing everything via phone. We did not have to leave the comfort of our home.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Thank you! Getting things paid off with your help makes things a bit easier for me.
Great communication and easy to understand rep.
When everyone else said no they said yes.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
It took some time but I'm the end I was approved for a loan when no one else would even consider me for one and in my book that is customer service the loan officer was nice and kind and patient with me well I figured out how to navigate the whole loan process and I appreciate that because I tend to get extremely nervous when it comes to big things like this and I can't thank your company enough for giving me the chance to finely have a car I can feel safe and comfortable in for me and my disabled son.
"Very fast, very friendly"
"This is definitely the go to place. The process was easy, fast and handled professionally all the way to closing. Great job guys."
Excellent service from my loan coordinator! My loan was quick and ready from start to finish
The great staff at One Main always comes through when most needed. I have been a customer for years and was approved when no one else would and have kept a great relationship throughout the years. Mr. Mike and Mrs. Debra take all factors into consideration when searching for approvals and go the extra mile for every customer. I highly recommend the Pearland location for your needs.
Jamie made it fast quick and easy explained everything and I know if I need to make another loan I would come to you folks first
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"My experience with OneMaine Financial was great. The agent Ellie that worked with me was professional and kind. She explained every thing in detail to my understanding. And she answered all my questions that I asked. I thank her and OneMaine Financial. I was very satisfied. Great job guys, keep up the great work! ____"
"Mogan is always so friendly, prompt with responses and super helpful. I always feel comfortable with my interactions with the staff. Thank you."
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
I enjoyed talking to the lady that handled my account!!! Thanks so much
"Jason was awesome. Very intelligent and insightful. Answered all my questions, was very polite and professional. Overall it was a great experience and I was happy to have him work with me to help reach my financial goals."
An incredible customer service very helpful throughout the process
"I had a great experience. My first loan and it was very easy and fast, Great customer service, very helpful!"
"Easy to comunícate and really flexible, specially because I already have an account with one main financial"
"The attitude was so nice & she was very willing to do what made happy, Sheila's the Best! One Main is the Best I have experience with this Company once before and they were Great!!!"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
The process was straight forward and easy to follow the requirements for loan. Once approved the closing was smooth and quick. During an emergency situation I was glad One Main was there.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"The manner I was greeted, and the courteous service I received."
"This is a wonderful money company and rapid, you are so helpful."
Never have a problem here and the ladies are always friendly
I were very impressed with the process of my loan application because I did not think that I would qualify for the loan but I did and was happy with the results not only was I happy I was able to pay some of my bills
Nice experience. I felt very respected and my needs were a priority. The whole process went very smooth and and quickly. I would highly recommend to others.
Always helpful and knowledgeable. Always a pleasure to work with them.
"OJ was efficient, informative, and very helpful. I appreciate the timely customer service"
Great customer service!!! Easy to work with and the process was simple.
Applying for a loan was simple and quick. Approval came very fast. Funds were deposited next business day.
"I applied for my card and was approved back in October. Over a month later I still hadn’t received my card, but I got a monthly statement. First, it was sent to the wrong address even though the offer I got in the mail to apply came to my correct address. Then they cancelled that card and I had to send personal documents to verify my correct address. Then, after a couple of weeks with no status change on the delivery, I called and they said the second card they sent didn’t have my apartment number. Which all of the documents I sent to them had my apt # listed in the address. Horrible experience. I ended up closing the credit card account."
I had no problems at all the ladies were absolutely wonderful they worked with me and loan was completed the same day. Thank you OneMain Financial.
The friendliness and time to check on my options. I especially appreciated completing the loan virtually. Very convenient.
Got help to get the best option to pay off some bills and save money.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
It was so easy and totally fast and so convenient and the service was great
"Kindness, respect"
"This is my second time doing buisness with the company, the staff is very accommodating and patient, I would recommend One Maine to any borrower that I know who needs a loan."
Such an amazing experience with Tiffany .
"Person that help me was very Friendly
and Helpful. Great Job!!!"
Kelly made the loan process very easy. From applying to closing. I would definitely work the One Main again.
One of the best company to finance with they will go out the way to help you also the staff is great kind and courteous I will recommend anybody to onemain
It was a great experience. Fast and no where near as painful as I thought it would be.. thank you so much for all your help.
They explained everything very well and treated me very well this is a good company
"Everything went smooth, very professional __"
"Secure and simple application process

Funds available via direct deposit soon after approval

Reasonable interest rate for loan type

Great way to consolidate moderate credit card debt"
Great attentive service - questions answered very timely. Ease of obtaining a loan.
"an enthusiastic agent, knowledgeable about all the in's and out's of the loan. navigated the on line signing, highlighting all the information required by law and what was important to me."
They help you right away and took the time time to explain all your options and move the process forward and was pleasant to talk with.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
My advisor that helped me was super nice. She was so informative and helped me through the process without even needing to com in due to my busy work schedule. I was very happy and pleased with how easy everything was and went. 10/10 recommend this place if you ever need a small loan for anything
"Ms. Sabrina was absolutely wonderful throughout the entire loan process. She was patient, courteous, and professional__ No question on my part seemed unimportant in my conversation with her. Being in a very rural area, when my internet service was not as fast as others, Ms. Sabrina was still very kind and didn’t appear frustrated or impatient. A true professional! Thank you."
"I had a very pleasant experience with OneMain Financial. I would refer this Company to family and friends. I will also use OneMain Financial if I ever need another loan. Thank you, for a great financial experience."
"my rate was supposed to be 17% but when I signed it ballooned to 25%. Classic bait and switch it seems.
Will never do business with again."
The app gives me problems sometimes and it seems to happen right before holidays J tried to reset my password after my internet was down. It would not recognize my fingerprint So I tried to login I got locked out. Called CS gave me a password over the phone automated system. I could not hear one of the letters at least twice. I got locked out again. I went to local branch and guess what they’re closed for thanksgiving already. This is not something you can process at the drive through
I worked with Matthew at the Racine Dr. location. He was fantastic and very helpful and I had my loan approved the same day. Highly recommend!
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"My representative was really nice, cordial and helpful"
They are very nice and helpful and they made getting a loan easy and love the experience and thanks
"always got what I ordered on time, satisfied at the quality of the product."
Great Customer Service with a Smile and quick to get the job done Awesome team work
The people working at the local office. They were very friendly and professional an they me feel like I was part of the family.
"The application process was easy. The rep I worked with, Betsy, was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The location of the office was good with ample parking. Very pleased."
I have gotten two loans with them so far and they are great. There’s a cancellation that you can do. If you don’t need the funds with any certain time frame which I’ve used once and that was easy the process took a total of 30 minutes on the phone payments are automatically deducted And never had any issues. They will give you multiple options for your situation. Interest rate is high but I’ve always just paid ahead and have been fine and cut the interest in half and they allow early pay off overall A+.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Jose smoothers was very informative and explained the options I have. He was very curtious and very professional and pleasant to deal with.
The process was very easy. The representative was professional and efficient.
"I have been a long time customer. I think for over 15 to 20 years.

Always a great experience.

The apr was a bit high..for me being. a long time customer..but the loan process was a breeze. As always.

Thank you"
Friendly and inviting
Jody is great! Very helpful and makes the entire process so easy.
Martina was great from start to finish. Answered any and all questions. She was very helpful with all information and supplying multiple options to help me and what I qualify for. Was very easy and quick was very happy with all. She was very helpful and kind and professional
Joe and his team at the Lakeland FL office are always extraordinary that's why I have been going to them for a lot of years they are friendly caring of my needs and were very helpful why I had lost both of my legs and did so much to help me out until I could get back on my feet when I started getting my disability. Thank you for having a great team there.
Entire process was very quick. Was surprised to receive the check in the same visit. Everyone was very polite and informed.
My experience with Lacrecia and her ability to make my experience pleasant.
My loan officer was amazing. She was very helpful and it was a quick process.
"I just had to follow a road map, it was very simple to complete so many forms."
Caitlyn was so professional and helpful. She expedited everything in less than 24 hours. One of a kind. Thank you Caitlyn
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Agent knew everything about my situation and answered all of my questions with ease. I could tell that she was happy because of her demeanor over the phone, it's like I could see her smiling."
Very nice customer service
"It was remarkable experience for me in knowing, this company cared about my financial situation. I would very much give the information to others. Thank you Sylvester Young"
"For the first time in my life, getting money on credit to purchase a car turned out to be so easy and fast. Thank you for your trust and hope in developing your own life."
Loan officer was very polite and helpful. He explained how everything worked and my best options
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Very EZ and fast . I highly recommend. One main financial if you need a loan, they’re very professional."
Very efficient and knowledgeable. Friendly athmosphere
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
The rep absolutely knew what he was doing and glided me thru the process without a hitch. He needs a raise !!
"Cecelia was super helpful. She explained everything, start to finish. I asked her if I was better off with paying off my cards or using a loan, and she explained how the interest on both worked."
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Brenda was helping me she was efficient and professional person. She was very helpful and nicely
"Freddie did a fabulous job explaining everything clearly. Got approved, signed paperwork & received they money in my bank account in less than 24 hrs."
Smooth process. Kept me well informed on everything .
"Was able to refinance my loan and get another loan without a huge additional increase in payment.
Thanks much,
Bill"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
The explanation and the time it took to get it all done...
"Kayla Lovins was extremely helpful, friendly & courteous. She was very knowledgeable & considerate during the entire process. Thank you for having her as an agent!"
"Jamie, Pamela, and Cameisha are professional, efficient, and super helpful.
I am thankful for all of their expertise and assistance. Thank you!"
Very helpful and pleasant. They made the entire experience clear and straightforward.
Great customer service. Worked very well with me
Good customer service all way old customer
The staff was very professional and provided great customer service.
The people where very friendly and help full
They. Was. There for the people
"The gentleman who processed and finalized my loan was awesome. I've forgotten his name.
The prior gentleman at the Yonkers office who was meant to process my loan never got back to me after he said he would and after my calls and message.
I then had to call the 800 number to request to speak with someone new from a different location than the Yonkers office."
"Great staff, very friendly … make borrowing easy"
Fast and friendly on-line loan processing. Will not hesitate to recommend one main to anyone for their fast and friendly assistance.
Ms Dozier made my experience the best!! THANK YOU____
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Shelly was the best, I literally walked in handed what little paperwork she needed from me and I signed paperwork and within an hour had my money in my account.. super easy."
It was great customer service fast and easy.
Brian was EXTREMELY helpful and made it very clear how the process functions as well as made me feel comfortable opening a balance with this company.
The same inconveniences and fee gouging.
"Easy. All on the phone, do to my work hours don’t have time to go to the office."
I was able to complete everything online. And my loan officer was amazing.
"Prior to the approval of my loan facility, your staff named Stephen was so helpful with all the needed explanation and information l sought for during our phone conversation and got so much convinced.
Again, l must also indicate how transparent your process is.
We therefore appreciate your excellence and professionalism in the discharge of your core business mandate to us as your customers at all times.
Keep it up !"
We just loved Cirrea in Plainfield In . She broke everything down so we understood it.She seemed to love her job.
I love these people!! So helpful and friendly. Wouldn't go anywhere else for personal se rvice!
Excelente customer service. Smooth process to receive my loan
"Competent employees, on time excellent services. Easy payment plans. I will always come back to them when I need more money."
They were so nice and explained everything so well
My loan based on my car not on my business activities or my both bank statements!
"Exceptional customer service, made me feel at ease ."
They are friendly and great customer service. This has been one of the company that I have been with. Looking forward to future loans.
It good n I was satisfied
Professionally offered choices for my loan. Received it within a half a hour into my bank account.Started automatic payments on the date I chose very that is very helpful regarding not having to stress over repaying my loan.I enrolled in the home owner and car repair services an extra load of my mind for any emergency repair.I will recommend one main if any family or friends needing a loan.I am very satisfied with the options we worked out. It really helps to have extra money for an emergency and the holidays.
Michelle was very attentive and understanding of my situation.
Ervin is a great representative. Very knowledgeable and courteous
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Patient and knowledgeable staff helped throughout the whole process.
The staff was really pleasant to work with and made the whole experience quick and easy.
"Kristien was absolutely helpful and really went all out to make sure I got the loan that I needed.
Funny thing I retired after 34 years with American General then Springleaf. And now I am back as a customer.
Kristien, thank you so much, I am so very grateful,
and your help to me was remarkable... Thank you"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
How easy they made it for me. How nice they were.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
This company helped my process go smoothly and quickly. The entire office personnel was very friendly. I am very happy with the professionalism I experienced.
The way the agent explain the terms of the loan. She was very helpful in answering my questions.
"Every time I come in the staff under Mrs. Sara are very professional and considerate. They are patient, cordial, even the ew trainees. Dealing with employees like this makes your transaction a lot better."
How quickly and efficiently they work to meet the needs of their clients.
I had a great and fast experience. She was very nice to work around my schedule. The only problem I have is that two payments came out this month which put me in the hole with my bank so just need to clear this up.
From previous history with them getting an approval was quick and simple.
I always have a good experience with good and fast service they are good poeple
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Ease of transaction. Money in my account first thing the next day.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Of the many times I called with questions right before deciding to take out the loan I was greeted as if it were my first time calling with a question. I wasn't rushed, put on hold and always got my question answered. This is just one of the positive experiences I had with One Main Financial."
Joey made it as easy as possible to close everything out
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Juliana is awesome! She made the whole process smooth and easy.
"Very kindly and respectful employee. Also, explain detailed the contract."
"From the time that I had called to have them check my eligibility for a loan, and the time that I signed, was only a matter of a couple of hours, if that.

Jim gave me the option of two different appointment times, for which one would work best for me. They were all very friendly and were knowledgeable, and were very patient with me when I had different questions about my experience. I was also treated with respect."
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
The ladies at the Frederick office are awesome. I love working with them on getting my loan.
"Working with Amanda ( Mandy ) was a great experience, she made the process very delightful I enjoyed working with her and after this lone is payed off I plan on contacting Amanda to consolidate my truck and motorcycle payments."
My loan officer Dante' was great. Keep him around. He was top tier____
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Always makes it so easy! Great team at Riverhead!!!
Great !!! fast services
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"The moment I applied for the loan, Sarah immediately contacted me and the following day I was in your office. Sarah is very professional, kind and polite and she got my loan approved within 30 mins and the money was in my account within an hour. Great service and God bless everybody."
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Great experience! So helpful and great at answering my questions.
The availability of the product and the quick & easy way I was able to get on with taking care of my life was greatly appreciated.
I receive very good service. Everyone was very helpful and introduced their self and made you feel at home with no pressure.
"The kindness and knowledge of the people that work in Kilearn is amazing, and they are so friendly. It makes the process so much better."
"Great customer service , fast and courteous... I was allowed to come in office for a question and answer session , and that was very helpful."
I didn’t like that I had an 801 credit score and you charged me 25% apr and if I wanted to make more then my monthly payment it wouldn’t go directly to the principal
"Brandon from one main in Whitehall,PA was a great loaner assistant. He help me a lot and explains everything the way should be . Very quick process and next morning I had the money in the bank , one main approval was excellent and confident. Thank you Brandon and Thank you One Main. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 2024"
Everything about my experience was friendly and professional!
Absolutely amazing people to help with getting a personal loan
Friendly help during the loan process. I have been to this office over several years. I enjoy doing business with this office. I would recommend this office to others.
Very helpful and knowledgeable about what they were doing I would go back again Thanks
The staff was very friendly and an the staff are very. <
Carrie she is wonderful to work with. Carrie is the only one I will work with she explains everything to us. She has became family to us. I feel OneMain Financial is lucky to have!
Very helpful in explaining the process and each step.
The staff is extremely helpful and efficient.
Marshona was great! Made the process very easy and explained everything. Would recommend this OneMain location.
You were very nice through the whole process did an excellent job getting my loan approved .
The representative was pleasant and professional. She went through the process quickly and efficiently.
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Chelse was amazing. Very helpful. I appreciate her time with me!
"Always there when I need them!
Great customer service!"
"Very helpful, and happy with the service"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
They made it easy for me to get a loan. To get debt paid and catch up on some bills. Very easy to work with. When I went to other banks to get a car loan or even to debt paid. They all said no. They were very helpful and very nice to work with.
What made this experience great was the care I had with the employee that help me she was very nice and very helpful.she went above and beyond her job to help me and for that I am very grateful
Everyone is so nice and friendly. Since our office closed in my town I can do it online
The service was great employee were friendly and they fast ih getting my loan
"The agent was very friendly, personable and helpful."
Kevin was professional and easy to communicate with.
very helpful and always willing to work with you very nice people
Very nice people to work with. Giving me options. Willingness to work with you if something unexpected comes up. Just an all around no stress experience. Thank you.
The fact that they give you options in minutes on what type of payment you want and I was in and out in less then an hour.
The person helping me with the loan was awesome. She made me feel comfortable and helped ne to see what I needed
Friendly and easy to work with. Worked with me and my husband who works out of town to figure out a schedule for closing paperwork.
I had some unexpected expenses that came up and the help I received from One Main was truly appreciated. It was fast and easy.
Yes very helpful. The hospitality and honesty of the employees gave me a peace of mind .
They were very quick about responding to my needs and were very professional about doing it.
"Date of experience: November 14, 2023"
"Robert van h Was not only very professional but friendly and he worked hard to help me,,,, 100 stars from me"
"Staff was very friendly and helpful. I had no problems at all ONCE I GOT TO TALK TO THEM. I do not blame the staff. Based on what I saw and what they told me, this office is short of staff."
I do not like One Main Financial and plan on refinancing as soon as possible.
I was able to complete my application online. An agent called and walked me through submission of documentation and processed my loan the same day. We went through the agreement page by page. This was very helpful.
The service was very prompt and my rep had great customer service
Jennifer. Was very helpful and explained everything very good so you can understand
"My husband and I are very happy with how we were treated. People were so kind and welcoming. If we had any questions, they answered them and helped us understand better."
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
The associate was easy to talk to and very efficient. The entire experience was quick and easy
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Brytanya was awesome, professional and very helpful ."
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
Professionalism and courtesy of the staff
Great service and knowledge of my financial needs. Fast and easy paperwork on my application information.
My contact person was very patient and knowledgeable. There was no pressure and he explained everything
"When all else fails, your staff came through for us. You helped us back in 2014 when we bought our dream camper that we were going to retire in and we did. Then when the camper we have now started having major problems, your staff and company found a way for us to get it fixed. I will recommend your company to anyone who needs help."
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
They were very helpful in explaining everything
I didn't have to go to the office. We did Everything online which made this so convenient and fast.
Respectful patient & willing to help the best way they can
"Steven was very pleasant. Everything went smooth, and I was able to do everything by phone."
The people were easy to work with and the transaction was smooth. Thank you
Adam completed my loan application with great knowledge and a care for me as a person.
the loan officer was wonderful she went over everything and made sure i understood. i had no issues i will send people to work with one main
"They were very thorough with their job, they made sure that the customer was first! I couldn't have asked for better service!"
The lady helping me answered all my questions helped me throught the entire process I've never done a loan like this and had no idea what I was doing
They where kind in help full in took time out in talk to you
They were so kind and efficient the process was very easy
"I had a great time with the girls and office. They surprise me I got me a good bit of Christmas money , I will have a great Christmas. Thanks to all the workers at one mean financial"
Kevin was amazing. Always so helpful.
"The staff were friendly, fast a great. Explained everything so you could understand a nothing was hidden."
"Everything was fast and smooth sailing
No complaints"
Everything was done in a timely manner with great customer service. Questions that I had were answered and simplified so I understood and all options were explained as well!
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
The young lady who helped me was great. She was very attentive to my needs and sped my loan process right along. She was very courteous and most helpful. The employees in this office have always been great to me.
Fast and easy process. They had the money deposited within an hour
Your employees made it easy.
My check never cleared I had it sittin in my account for almost 2 weeks still not cleared…
"I got my loan easily, but the interest rate is too high"
"The Westminster Md. office was extremely helpful..
Very personable ladies there."
"Ashley was great I always have had a great experience
there"
The were professional and quick
"Date of experience: November 21, 2023"
"Loan officer was not upfront or informative of where our funds would actually be administered to, after multiple discussions the terms were never truthfully explained to the customer."
The customer service they made me feel valuable appreciated helped me get what I needed in a timely manner
Nice people easy to work with overall pretty satisfied only complaint is they call you nonstop I had to block the number they call so much twice before due date and if your payment isn’t in on the due date they will call you nonstop they called me 20 times in one day all hours very annoying they know it will be paid it just takes some adjustment because for some reason bill pay through the bank sends it by electronic check that takes up to a week
Me catching up on my bills ya believe in me I thank this company so much one main financial.....
"Date of experience: June 27, 2023"
Lauren went above and beyond to help me out!!__ I couldn't be more grateful!
"When I needed a loan the most you guys turn me down! I managed to pay off over $$95,000.00 of my debt with 0 help from any lender. I will never apply for a loan with you people again. Please stop selling and sharing my information."
Very quick and easy
"I have had a loan with one main before, made all my payments on time and paid the loan off somewhat early. Now when I try to get a loan with them again they want me to use a vehicle as collateral. Should be more understanding of your returning customers and do what you can to reach an agreement with them."
Working with Lizbeth made my experience at OneMain Financial a very unique and positive one. Lizbeth is highly qualified and she made sure to address all of my concerns in a timely manner. The entire process was seamlessly handled and upheld in the utmost professional and ethical manner. I highly recommend OMF and their services. Please ask for Lizbeth if you are bilingual (español) or would like to be assisted by someone who has a high EQ and is willing to make every effort to advocate for you. Thank you OMF and Lizbeth!
No problems occured.I was pleased with service as always Retha at Somerset Ky location is respectful and she is clear with cost and all information is reviewed and presented clearly. I am a repeat customers due to her customer service approach. Leah at that location is very helpful as well.
Wish I could choose 0 star . There customer service really suck . Very unprofessional . This is for Brandon fl location . They tell you that you can change your payment due date when you first sign in and then when you call to tell them you need the date change they tell you you only can change to 17 . No I need change for the 25th. Told them I get pay 22 of every month and they have the nerve to tell me to re due my budget . PLEASE DONT TELL ME HOW TO DO MY BUDGET . Stay away from them not professional at all .
"she was very helpful, clear, and detailed. She made sure she listened and and called back as soon as she got an answer. Thanks to her I will most likely do business again with One Financial."
"everyone in the office was very helpful to me. I got lost on the way there and i had to make a later appointment, they tried to guide me but I didn't know the area very well. everything went well."
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Daja, was really professional and helpful. Thank you"
I have used One Main in the past and always have a good experience. The office staff is very helpful and informative.
"I would like to express my gratitude towards One Main Financial for their excellent customer service. Thanks to their loan, I was able to pay off some of my bills and get ahead with my finances. Although I wasn't necessarily behind on payments, it was a great opportunity to plan a nice vacation trip. Once again, thank you to One Main Financial for their assistance."
"The worst customer service. They lie. They’re to busy to help you because they were remodeling the office in New Port Richey and working out of Clearwater. They’re overwhelmed and will let you know that you’re a burden. Let me start with I have good credit and have had three loans with One Main. All paid on time and loans paid off early. I applied and spoke to a Vernisha. She called me and I was approved not for the 20,000 I asked for but for 10,000. After that I couldn’t get her on the phone to help with the process. I called three different times just for her to respond with a text to only ask question on the text. She had no time to help so she put me to the local branch in New Port Richey. That was a Sunday. Monday I heard nothing. Tuesday I called spoke with a Jason and he said I we will have you closed out by tomorrow and you will here from me by the end of the day today or first thing in the morning. No call at all. Wednesday nothing. So I called and left a message at lunch time. Nothing back again. Thursday called and left a message at lunch. Nothing back again. So I decided to go into the local office after work at 5 pm to see what’s going on and if I can help the process since I have already be approved no going on almost two weeks. I spoke to one girl at the desk and told her what was going on and she let me know how over whelmed they are and someone will be with me shortly. Then the branch manager Sean came over and asked me what was going on. I explained it all over again. He seem to be annoyed that I was annoyed with the lack of customer service. he then went to his computer punched a couple keys sat there for five minutes and came back and said I’m sorry we can’t approve you for anything at this time.now if that was the case all of this could of been settled on that first call. But it wasn’t. He was rude and annoyed because I came in without an appointment. I feel he made an executive decision to send me on my way instead of trying to help. Straight BS. Horrible customer service. The company thrives on speed and you can have a 550 credit score and still get approved. BS because my score is way higher than that and I was approved on the first phone call. All other loans were done within 24 to 48 hours. Now I sent an email about the situation and their email response said if I need immediate attention that I need to call them. Again Lack of customer service. Again straight BS."
The lady I dealt with was very pleasant
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"I enjoyed the customer service that was provided to as well as their quick follow-up on my unsecured loan. They provided options for me that were clear and concise. The process was fast, easy and informative all from the comfort of my home. Thank you!"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"I am having an issue that I need to discuss with someone in authority. Will someone please respond to me. I need to speak to someone.
Thank you!"
"Dee! Thank you SOOO much for you amazing customer service, calming and friendly demeanor and honestly just being human. I am so grateful for you. You are truly a LEGEND ;-) Thanks again, stay safe and blessed"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
Great Customer service and it was a fast and pleasant experience with good friendly staff. :)
the experience was wonderful
Christina was great. There was a misstep on the closing for a couple of days but it worked out. I always recommend OMF to my family and friends.
Very easy to deal with and extremely polite
"I had a very Professional,Knowledgeable, and Honest Experience with Jim in at the Boscovs Shopping Center Exter Pa, 18643 !"
The process was straightforward and smooth. I appreciate the quick response from the team especially De. Thank you for all your help during my loan process.
"Everything was very simple and I+
did not have to jump through hoops. Thank you very much."
I highly rate OneMain Financial for the professionalism of the team.
The experience was reasonably painless and handled with experience and knowledge
Great timing receiving funds. The interest is a bit too high but I suppose a person have to go with what they can get. The people have great personalities and pleasant.
"Lis , thank you so much Grant and fast service."
Had friendly ladys that help me they are great!
One Main has ALWAYS been there when I've needed you. The process is quick and easy. I highly recommend your company.
"My experience was awesome!
I truly appreciate the service and most importantly I appreciate Guy for being very patient and helpful with my account.
I’ll recommend anyone to see Guy if you’re planning to any service at One Main Financial located in Boynton Beach!"
"The rep, Cee, that I dealt with was very professional and made the process very easy."
Natasha was excellent and I highly recommend OMF .
"The new person was very knowledgeable and helpful and understanding a real professional.
Wish only I could have borrowed at least 1200.00. Which I needed."
"Jessica was awesome,she was very pleasant.she also made everything easy for me to understand. I enjoyed speaking with her. She listened to me, she didn't mind me showing her pictures of my grandbabies. In my opinion Jessica is a great asset to your company. Thank you."
Alan was the agent I spoke with on phone..he stayed on phone with me the entire time signing all the paperwork..my money was in my bank the following morning..truly a positive experience..gave me multiple offers to choose from..so I could set my own payments and they let you choose when your payments are due..highly recommend using this company if you are in need of a loan
"I used OneMain to get a car loan. I was on the phone with them 32 times in a 48 hour period. And then they said that everything was good to go. That was NOT the case. We got to the dealership and then there was something wrong with a paystub after being told everything was good. I was at the dealership until almost 8pm with my 3 kids all under 5 and the dealership closed at 6. The only helpful ones in this scenario was the dealership. I will not be using OneMain for a car loan again once mine is paid off. So unhappy, and felt like a complete idiot."
"My experience with applying for my loan was outstanding in every way. Number one was making me comfortable I normally have a neverous reaction with these situations Things went great, quick,explaining of all info was quick to understand.loan officer was very nice"
Clarissa was very nice and helped me out. She explained things and was patient with me. Things were done in a timely manner.
"The process was quick, easy, and the representatives were able to answer all questions asked."
The lady that worked my loan was phenomenal. Went above and beyond to help me get exactly what fit my needs best.
Everyone is awesome!!! Wendy has great customer service
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"The process was very quick, easy and very accommodating."
Jonathon was the person that helped us. He was always patient and helpful. Very easy to work with. He guided us through the process and kept us updated. My skills using internet are very weak. He worked with me and helped me to figure out how to use the tools to send information. He always helped us with a smile we heard through the phone. Also when I needed tech support the lady that helped me was very kind and helpful. Great experience.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
I applied for a car financial loan. I waited at the dealership almost 5 hrs waiting on my application to be processed and finalized. I think that was really exhausting and i was disappointed.
"All employees were kind, courteous, friendly from the time I got there to the time I signed the loan."
Garrett was extremely helpful throughout the entire process. He will be a big loss to your company.
"They were polite, efficient, and professional"
They have helped me out of a tough situation twice.
Kayla was very professional and courteous . And she the kinda person you want helping you keep up the good work !!! The whole staff was friendly and respectful
"Very professional, on time service"
The customer service is always so nice. The staff makes your experience feel like you are special and so willing to help out.
Efficient kind thorough professional and again kind
Knowing that some one help me with my situation
Everything was easy. Everyone was friendly
"The rep who worked with me offering me loan options, collecting documents, and closing the loan (Aria) was great. All her colleagues who answered the phone when I called her Dept we’re good, too. I doubt quite get the underwriting department’s decision making as one option offered to me wasn’t approved by them even though it would have been the most helpful option for us, seemed reasonable, and actually offered One Main the opportunity to make more money (at least they aren’t approving things just so they could make more money!)."
When we were signing the papers I saw the routing number to my bank looked different than what I used. Denise said something like I copied it from somewhere or it auto filled. I can’t really remember. So I was told it would probably deposit the next day. I waited three days then called them and they had received it back. I was told they can’t do another deposit so they had to issue a check. The bank put a hold on the check for 6 days. So I was waiting 9 days for money I really need asap.
Great to work with. My loan counselor went way beyond her job helping me get my loan materials correct. I do not have a smartphone and only a tablet so I had LOTS of problems. She was very patient and helped me get everything I needed to get my loan in short period of time. Hold on to this employee.
Jennifer the agent was very pleasant with a great attitude. She took her time in explaining everything to us. She’s an excellent asset to your company.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"The courteousness of the staff, beginning with Bill. The helpfulness of the organization in getting a vehicle, and just the overall ways they've used to contact me and make sure that everything was going well."
I enjoy all the help and information given to me
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
Thank you one-main. The process was easy and he staff was super nice and thorough about the product!
Very friendly and always
Friendly and helpful and very understanding and very professional
"Was able to go there in person, a reliable company no worries about being scammed.Very thorough friendly, helpful and professional"
Great experience! Smooth and quick transaction!
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"The customer service is excellent, and they turned my application into a loan super fast and very pleasantly at every moment."
Always a pleasant experience. Everyone is super nice and willing to help you get what you need.
Tyler helped me in situation that my husband was going through with his ex-wife not seeing his daughter and need help with a lawyer. She was fantastic in finding a way for me to help my husband do so.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"The customer service was above par. They didn't require a truck load of paperwork to get the loan done. What I was impressed with the most was how fast the loan funded. I call for the loan on a Friday, I was in the office on Monday signing loan docs, on Tuesday the loan funded. Ive gotten a lot of loans in my day but this has to be the quickest and most efficient one to date. Will return if necessary. ____"
"The best, just when I really needed"
Great communication and quick approval. funds for loan deposited almost instantly when loan was approved. Very happy all around with entire loan processing experience.
Very helpful people working there they were very pleasant
Timely response. No beating around the bush.
Easy and fast . Friendly staff and helpful
A nice person in Pam the lady that helped me. She was very nice and explained all facets to me and made sure I understood. It was a pleasure to do business with the company.
The staff at OMF are always friendly and treat you with respect and care. They strive to help you find the best solutions to your needs
"Amanda was helpful from the get go, the make employee who got the information and checked out my car was great..Amanda answered all the many questions i had for her and helped make the whole process happen, anytime I thought something small or silly could be a snag in the outcome, she made it alll get done and so I appreciated the loan $, and she definitely helped this company get their payment and interest $ and I guarantee they will."
"Its fast and easy, customer service was great and on point"
"I’ve only had good experiences with One Main Financial as I have received two loans without any problems. I recommend them to anyone looking to secure a loan.
DH"
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"It was good experience, but the last call back took over a hour and a half. Before u all called back to complete the deal."
"The whole process was very simple and straightforward.
Amanda at the Washington office was very nice to work with.
She did an excellent job of explaining the entire process."
"I had the best experience!! The Loaner Agent was on point!! She got me the loaner amount I wanted with affordable payments that fitted my budget!

Thanks!__"
I was not impressed with the employee that was primary on my loan. I couldn't understand anything she said. She didn't stay in touch nor did she update me on the status of my application. I kept asking for someone new and it was easier to k ow what was up when I was talking to anyone else.
"Dealing with Johnathan was great.
Service was excellent"
Super solid customer service and teamwork from the branch!!
Great customer service and so easy to work with.
"Fabulous
Stress free
Efficient
Convenient
Best experience I am a forever client.
My sister referred me."
"Very informative, quick and efficient"
they treated me with respect. everything was explained well. did not push services i did not need. treated a customer the way a customer deserves to be treated!
"Great person we worked with. Bright, energetic, explained everything well."
"Great place
process was easy , quick , and great people"
Well most than anything Rosie at hollister branch is very helpful polite onest explained everything we feel just like we're at home thank u for helping us.
"He was polite, calm tone of voice. Very helpful, explain every service before l sign up and offer to call him anytime if l have a question.
He is very efficient. I had the fund in an hour after closing."
Everyone at One main is always so helpful and nice!
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
I needed this loan to be done quickly because I take care of my elderly parents the agent Marco was very empathetic to my situation and the urgency of my getting back home he made the process quick and easy
SHANTIEL GREAT LADY loved her from the moment i saw her i had her had her funny bone tickled in the 1st minute i started telling her funny tales all true and no bad langwich or cuss words. my goal is to make a stranger laugh so call it getting KNOWN AND BEING KNOWN ok god Bless and Happy holidays/monte moore by Ya'LL
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"THE PEOPLE AND ATMOSPHERE ARE GREAT,I THANK MRS.JACKSON AND THE PERSONNAL FOR THE GREAT HELP THEY GIVE,THANK YOU......"
"Employee are easy to talked to, and its my second time one main helping me out with my financial needs. Thank you"
The experience was so easy and the office staff was helpful and friendly.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"The young lady that helped us finish our application was very helpful and patient,we had a rough day and alot going on and she helped us ro the end .Thank you again."
Wonderful I was treated with integrity and respect. Just beautiful in and out. So thankful.
"Informative, knowledgeable, and effective communication from staff and attention to needs."
"It has been a GREAT experience!
So easy to apply and get APPROVED.
GREAT customer service!!!"
My experiance was amazing. I was treated with respect and they answered my questions and concerns with fast confident details.
They were very professional and courteous. I had an answer within hours and the closing was expedited in a quick and efficient manner.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 30, 2023"
"They were patient, knowledgeable, experience in their job performance, friendly, courtesy, and took out the time to answered all the questions I asked."
Friendly very helpful to work with. Made my loan process very easy!
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
Wanda Turner was wonderful to work with on my loan. She had me in and out in no time and was very friendly and professional!
"They were extremely helpful, I am not tech savvy with my phone, they helped me with that, I felt very comfortable with my whole experience!! I would recommend them to anyone!!"
They were very pleasant on the phone and took care of my needs.
Let's see great experience great communication they are right on top of things they don't know yet leave you hanging they are prompt courteous and respectful I would say that as long as you make a deal make sure you honor that deal
"Our experience was great. A very cordial ambience.
The way to pay back our loan is affordable. Thank you."
Terri was absolutely amazing. Greatest customer service!! She is definitely a reason for a customer to keep coming back!
"For starters, they need to switch banks because they have previous bad relations with Citibank and I know this because it’s been almost a week since I deposited my check from one main and it’s not available for another six days. I called Chase and they told me they put a hold on it because they’ve had fraudulent checks go through their system before from one main. So now I’m late on my rent, and I owe penalty fees. For my first loan experience, this has been pretty bad. I tried calling one main about this and they said there’s nothing they can do. Worthless customer service."
Easy online process with friendly
Friendly and very helpful agents; very knowledgeable about your system and what worked best for me. Wasn’t forced to make a decision. Clerk discussed what I qualified for and allowed me to make a choice.
"What a wonderful, absolutely comfortable experience with Kaylee and her team. I believe OneMain the ONLY financial company we're going to use from here on out!"
The staff greeted me as I can in and told me luz the woman who was running my application be right back she was pleasant and thanked me for bringing the needed documents so quickly. She went over every page of loan and the details on payment’s. It felt smooth no pressure and was very glad to get this emergency loan.
Very fast repost. The representative was very professional and courteous.
It was great that staff worked around my hours.
"Communication, courteous, professional, helpful"
"Excellent representation!!!! $27,000"
"Giving options to know that this is a commitment, and if I had any issues to come about, never hesitate to make a call, life does happen..."
"My experience was great Madeline Mendez was very
Professional and friendly thanks one main financial"
"Very professional, friendly and knowledgeable staff."
I enjoy talking with the rep. He gave me go info and I have payed for things the hard way before but I am relieved that I pay down my biggest credit card and payed off the others. He gave me good credit advise. Thanks for that.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"I had a great experience with one main financial, it was fast and easy. I never felt stressed."
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
Very nice easy to work with and was super fast would highly recommend this company.
Always a Pleasure with One Main!! Thank You
The customer service team member was very helpful and made my experience easier. Very professional
The Houma facility made it very easy to get a loan. Very helpful!
The customer service was excellent as well as the speedy turnaround
Very Professional and Great Customer Service
It was fast and easy and the service was excellent.
They did everything they could to get me the loan
I had a great experience working with OneMain. Thank you for being kind and efficient!
"Michelle serviced me twice in a period or 4+ years. She was quick and tobthe pount,knowledgeable about any questions. She respected my privacy and assured me that it was ok when I chaned my amount a few times,explaing options."
"I have as to have surgery and it hoing to call my left arm off and the dr to refix mine there.

Also, I fell and have had b een doing sorta but my is a huge problem now. My vave just 6 teeth just are falling the teeth so i need to get my teeth remobed the top andvth are 5 in the bottem thatcare still there but yesterday 2 in the back of them while j was sleeping. I am so upset and they can fix that parts of my teeth. So i really beed 1659.00 and thats c to fix my teeth then all of me would be ok. I have so my friend said if they wiuld give and fix my teetj i wouls b e okcand in 1 month they will give me that money back of that totalling back to your account that 1650.00 and its ok then. Can you all send me please please adk if i can get quickly that lian of both therd will be paid off it NOW TO TOTALLY THAT... THE BILL IN THERE WILL BE PAIS IT OFF THAT TOO THERE. PKEASE HELP ME I WILL NEVER HURT AS FROM ANYONE I AM SO SICK IF YOUVWANT ME A NIRE TO SAY I WILL DO A LIAN THAT I WILL TOP B UT OGLFF 1 MONTH. ...PKEASE HELP ME. EVERYONE IN YOU ACCT THAT HELP ME ARD ANGELS IF THEM TGET ALLVARE ANGELS TOO"
Employees for great they was done quick enjoy working with them
"The gentleman on the phone, which I forgot to ask for his name was very patience with me. He went all beyond and above to help me. Thank you so much for people like him in this world"
"The company really tried to save me money , lowered my payment and planed around my life .thank you Frank o"
Linda was such a help with my financing. I appreciate her kindness and thoroughness.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
Chloe was especially helpful. I've been a customer for years.
The process was extremely easy. The agent was able to explain everything to me. It was very easy
This was the most pleasant experience I have ever had getting a loan. The staff Mrs. Sherrel and Mrs. Miracle at the Saraland Alabama location were so very helpful. They helped me find the best loan for me. They helped me save so much money a month and I can't express how much their help. They both have such great attitudes and I appreciate that.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
The process was quick. More explanation of what certain loans were would of been great.
Friendly and professional and very helpful.
I needed to give the loan officer the credit it was a like dream to me due to how the loan officer process my documents corrected the mistake following up with me. The phone calls and the messages before approval.
The service was awesome and it was very easy process.
The people we friendly and everything was FAST and easy.
"The people that work for one main are some the
nicest people that I have dealt with. They think of what I need most of all. Thank you one main.
Char Simonson"
Kevin was very helpful and patient with me. Never once did anyone get mad because I was having trouble downloading items.
Everything was explained to me. And I was given a good rate.
"Very quick decision, staff very pleasant and efficient, showed full respect and explained everything to me."
Jessica was great. Very helpful end efficient.
Have everything you need and it will be fast and easy
Online approval and closing was awesome and I have delt with Angie for years and she has always been the greatest
Competent. Patient. Kind. Engaging. Receptive.
"Great service, got my loan approved and funded within 24 hours. Highly recommend."
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
Great service! He was on top of everything!!
"Everyone was no nice and understanding with whom I have spoken with. Very informative, and very quick. Thank you!"
"Convenience, great customer care, user friendly OMF app."
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"Carla was great, the people were very friendly, the process went very smooth, Thank you very much"
Everything went better than I expected.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
Was easy to do and very helpful throughout the process
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
I asked to borrow $8000 and got approved. They actually offered to lend me more but this was the amount I needed to lower interest rates on cc's. Took it from 30% to 15% and paying over 36 months. Very happy with this service! And it's w/o collateral. Great company!
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
The loan process was fast. The staff is very professional and friendly __
The customer service was excellent. Everything was explained clearly and in a timely manner.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
They were honest and friendly and answered my questions and made me feel comfortable.
"Date of experience: November 08, 2023"
"I was solicited with an offer. I accepted the offer and got an approval. I submitted all documents and was contacted with a final approval that had been blessed by underwriting as they had to obtain the value of my collateral. I was given a closing appointment and on the day I was scheduled I called 30 min prior and asked if I could go to the location 20 min from me rather than a branch an hour away and two min before my closing appt I was contacted and told never mind they can’t use my collateral, despite the fact that the website says they accept it as collateral and underwriting approved it. I am a long time customer, have paid off a large loan with OMG and currently have an unsecured credit card with the company. When I complained about being treated this way I was told there was a miscommunication about my appointment time and they are human and allowed to make mistakes. Completely unacceptable. Good payment history and history with this company clearly mean nothing. Why am I being solicited with offers and asked to select my loan terms if they have no intention of following through but more importantly why give a final approval and schedule a closing just to jerk someone around? Be very careful with this discriminating company that scams customers."
Very satisfied with the quality service.
Helped after fire damage electrical $$$$$
excellent customer service.. i will recommend this service
"Smoothly executed, with rockstar customer service!"
The representative was thorough and transparent. I would be recommending family and friends to them
The person that helped me with my loan was very helpful I don’t want to pronounce a wrong name I think it’s Ronald
George Cruz Jr. was so helpful and efficient in getting my loan done! I contacted him today ( Friday) at around 3:30pm. He was able to get everything done before closing. He worked fast and was so nice and easy to work with. He put together so many options to help me choose what was best for me.
My rep was awesome
The representative was informative and helpful.
Updating auto insurance a must ?
First time in years since I applied for a loan and process was made so easy.
"Randallstown Md. Brenbrook Dr.

I would like to say I had such a great experience with this company, My loan specialist Ms. Imani Cager was the most polite and professional person i have encountered in a business in awhile, she is very knowledgeable and made every step of the process easy. I would definitely recommend your services to family and friends. Thank you for your help Ms. Imani Cager. Audrey Ford"
"Stay away from Precomputed loans. no paying extra on principle, trust me they will get EVERY BIT of the interest they are charging with this type of loan. The only way to get out of it is to pay in full. Paid 7 payments so far ( 1100 bucks) and they kept almost 800 of it for themselves, 300 is all that went to principle. READ the fine lines........Predatory loans = Precomputed loans. Onemain financial is the master of this type of loan. Do a google search on them and you will see 20 million they must pay for deceptive practices in 2023."
Easy to apply. Easy interview process. Money was available the next morning.
"Tamara was great, explained everything in a way I could understand it."
Shelly was very helpful did everything she said she was going to do very pleasant and professional
Staff was very organized and the process was smooth
"Great service, knowledgeable assistance!"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Fast friendly and efficient. Got what I asked for. Will give 5 Stars when you guys lower my interest rate! 8-P
"Please do not be fooled teachers cannot apply for loans with this company if they have student loans. They will take you through the whole process, get all of your personal information then tell you they can’t approve the loan because of the student loans. Don’t try this."
"Process was easy and Lauren was great, she explained everything I needed to know and helped me get set up on the payment plan that worked best for me. I will definitely use OneMain again if I need a personal loan in the future."
"Wow! Talking about fast & effective service.
I couldn’t believed how OneMain fitted into my situation and time.
I had to get some money within a week & they made it happen in two days.
The hospitality was excellent.
I would recommend!"
Had a great experience with y'all and was able to accommodate what I was looking for gave me great advice and guidance
Very kind and courteous! Made the loan process very easy... Highly recommend
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
OneMain has exceeded my expectations again. Lori Legler was wonderful and very awesome to deal with...she is a wonderful asset to your organization. Thank you so much!
I was guided through the process very easily. They made the experience easy and comfortable.
Customer service was very good. Jose was very knowledgeable explaining the process. He was patient with helping me and the virtual aspect of my paperwork.
My contact at one main was fantastic. I feel bad that I have forgotten her name but she was incredibly helpful and efficient.
It was fast and easy
Very helpful staff. They did great job processing the application.
"It was very good,Miss Rudy does a great job Thanks"
"Bait and switch. That's how the entire process felt. I was ""pre-approved"" for two offers...one unsecured, another secured. I selected the unsecured option, knowing that my vehicle is new and little to no equity built-in. I was ""approved"" and had to finish the document process. Minutes later, a gentleman called and directed me that the loan was secured and they were unable to proceed. This was AFTER OMF ran my credit. I understood a credit check was necessary, but had I been informed through the process that my loan would be switched from unsecured to secured, I would not have allowed them to run my credit. Very ""bait and switch"" after all expectations and communication stated unsecured. I was connected with ""customer care"" and was told there's nothing they can do, and ""this just happens"". Incredible. Horrible experience and will never entertain any other offers from OMF ever again."
that was easy to applying.
"When I wanted to apply for a larger loan, fist, I applied online. then I received a email from the San Diego office to come in and start the loan process. It went very smoothly. I took about 45 mins. to complete. The loan officer, Jackie, she knew about my case,( because she was same officer ) had it all processed I was able to receive the money within the hour. Great experience!!"
"The representative, Roger was excellent"
Friendly and prompt service. My questions were all answered and process was easy.
I received a great deal of assistance from Imani. She was both kind and courteous.
"Everyone in the office was so polite, and they all work together like a machine, and they complement each other so much that it made a very expedited experience and again everyone I dealt with was very polite. Overall, it was a great experience."
"Great service, and they were able to work around my work schedule which has me out of town most of the time."
"So gratefully with OneMain Financial, because I get the best time on the moment that I need the most, they were so friendly and kind, the process was easy and fast, they explain very clear and answer all my question, help me with payment plan according my situation and offer your help at any time, I can't thank's enough for all the great help that I received, Thank you so much OneMain Financial."
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Amanda was great. Very knowledgeable and thorough.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"I think personal attention and rapid responses were the most notable assets of this company. The personnel are great, and very professional. They explained everything in detail, and I was so happy when I left the office. Thank you."
Nikki was very patient very kind and took the time to walk me through everything
I was treated friendly and the service was WAY above what I expected. It really changed my financial situation.
"One main was quick, efficient and very helpful in getting me through the process and into my new car which I couldn’t be happier with.

Each representative treated me as if I was their personal client and even called after the deal was done to ensure everything went as planned at the dealership!
I would recommend to many and all!"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"This was a very professional experience. Thanks to Ms Sherryn, who was very professional, very authentic in her knowledge to close this loan. I thank god for her patience working with me. The office was very friendly. When you have a staff member that handle personal business very professional, you have a bonus to your corporation. I will tell others about a corporation is willing to help without dragging you through embarrassment. No one once to be humiliated in a time of need. Thank you One Main for helping my situation."
The check that we received has not yet been received into our bank account because the check is in mine and my wife’s name so we have to be together to deposit the check. The only problem is that my wife is in the hospital with a very large blood clot in her abdomen so even though we need the money to help with our monthly bills I can’t even deposit the check so we can use it. We live about 2&1/2 hours from the hospital and barely have enough money for gas not to mention something to eat while I am driving back and forth every day. I wish someone had a solution to my situation because it’s extremely difficult for me to continue going back and forth daily that is 5 hours of highway time every day with the money sitting there in a check that I cannot access without her present yet the doctor said she is going to have to be there for at least another week. If anyone has any ideas I would love to hear from you
Mackenzie was amazing - walked me thru each step..was quick and easy__
Regina could not have been kinder helping me thru my loan. She is a asset to your customer service team
The people are very friendly and really took the time to explain things.
Everyone was very helpful and professional.
My experience was pleasant and the process was expedient. I had 4 ladies who assisted in closing my loan. All four ladies were professional and friendly. I will recommend OneMain Financial to anyone seeking financial assistance.
All the people that I spoke with went out of their way to help me with all that I needed to do. They were all very courteous and took their time to help me.
Great customer service and quick replies. Very positive and works well with your pay schedules.
I got an email and I thought that my loan was denied and I got a phone call saying that it was approved. That was great.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Ms. Rhonda was awesome as usual. She made the process as smooth and quick as possible.
Pleasant and easy process as a returning customer.
He was considerate to my needs. And very professional.
How my loan was expedited.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"One Main and the Statesboro staff are amazing. This is the second loan I have taken out with you guys and both times I received very friendly and extremely fast service. Nicola treated me as if she has known me my whole life and as if I was her only customer. She is indeed an asset to your company. Since my closing, I have referred a good friend of mine to One Main who is now also a client of yours. Keep up the amazing customer service and I will continually refer you guys to everyone I know __."
"The scheduled direct pay was never deducted from my account. I did not receive any notification regarding the absent payment. If I didnt check my account, the account would have been delinquent. When I called customer care they couldn’t explain why the payment wasn’t made The manager did not call back as promised."
"My experience was wonderful, friendly and well informed agent. Very satisfied."
"Good customer service, knowledgeable"
Other then the paper work process quick!
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"Easy to use site, great customer service, and same day funds getting to your account t. I believe I spoke with a Jill who was very helpful and knowledgeable."
the staff was proffessional and quiick in processing my loan and made it possible for mmme to get the loan i needed. she was also friendly and polite
"All my questions were answered, options were provided, and the friendliness and courtesy of the entire office staff was remarkable!"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
It was a wonderful experience which made the whole ordeal easy friendly and easy Brittney was our rep and she was so pleasant I appreciate this co. Thank you for such a wonderful experience
"Very helpful, and she was so sweet!!"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Awesome. Elmer is very patient and calm. Appreciate the help
"Paige was awesome! Super friendly, and very informative!"
Great customer service alwa
It was a very quick and easy process! Brianna was very friendly and accommodating throughout the whole process!
Everyone was really nice and answered all my questions. Walked me right through everything with out any problems.
"It was fast,easy and simple with Debbie's help got all the questions answered help walk me through the whole process. Thank you"
"The agent was very nice and professional, and she was very informative, and made me aware of lotta options that I have along the way and down the line She seemed to care and was very genuine she made you feel comfortable. The only thing I didn’t like the process took a little long. and a lot of procedures, and then, of course, is the company’s policy and procedures, which I think down the line they should shorten it, and make it more easier for any loan procedures in the future besides that everything was great. Thank you for giving me The loan truly Armando Marquez"
"I can't say enough good about One Main Financial and, Amy in particular. They've always been there for me, when I was in need of financial assistance. Alway's courteous, respectful and, friendly. I would always recommend them to my friends and, family for financial assistance."
"The OneMain Financial representative, Princess Rosal provided me with exceptional service. She was highly professional and very detail oriented in assisting me with the loan application process. I definitely will refer to customers to OneMain Financial because of her."
I was accommodated pleasantly and Ms Pamela is very welcoming and very helpful in answering all my questions and concerns.
"We recently paid off a loan from One Main which we had opened several years ago.
Now we tried to get a loan for ONLY $2500 and it was denied. So much for loyalty!"
"Great experience, fast and knowledgeable staff"
It was pleasure they are so kind and generous.
Miss Tina was great attentive very knowledgeable and easy to talk to if I could give her 10 stars I would
"Fantastic service, very easy to work with, very positive overall experience."
They came through when I needed it. I paid off my Discover card.all went well thanx _ hudge.
The staff was courteous and friendly. They helped me through the entire process and answered my questions knowledgeable. They were very professional and I would recommend them any time.
Josiah was exceptional! Super friendly. Very personable.
The customer service was superb. Everyone was so friendly. When talking to them it felt like I had known them for years. The information I was given was very informative and they pinpointed what was specific to my needs.
The process took a little longer than expected but that was on my part but they checked in often to see how it was coming. They never pushed the loan on me they explained ever cent that was being charged and they even take over if a life changing event occurs. I think they were very professional and kind.
"Would of liked to handle on line, but my agent made it seamless and quick to happen.
Thank you!!"
Interest rate was out the roof!!! Maybe give better interest rates they quoted me 38.99% then they dropped it to 33.99% make it more manageable and you would get this customer back.
Listening to the people that need there help in the bad times
Kimberly the Lady that took care of everything for Is a very Helpful an Knows her Job very well!! Would Hope if ever needed to take out another loan it would be as Great as it was with Onemain!!
Asia was great and she was really interested with my case.
"The representative was very polite, helpful, and knowledgeable. She made the whole process stress-free and quick. I am grateful for her service!"
The people at one main are so professional I never have a problem when I visit I like the service I receive
Sarah did a great job with every need. She is a nice and friendly face every time I visit.
The principal and method applied is remarkable. The prompt attention I received is exceptionally good. The insurance coverage method is also a welcome idea.
Bryce was very professional and explained the process completely!
"The young Man, Anthony who I delt with was exceptional."
It was actually a fast and easy process. Easy instruction to follow and easy uploads. The service at the office and on the phone was excellent. I would highly recommend OneMain Financial to any family or friend .
"Date of experience: October 23, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"Yes, did a great and quick job. Polite
Explained details well excellent job"
The people do a wonderful job and they help me to get a loan fast and and answered my questions about the loan I'm very happy with them and I would tell anyone looking for a loan to call them
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
The staff there is always friendly and helpful. I have known the ladies there for years and they always have the same friendly smile and attitude
"Thanks for the professional friendly
service !!!"
"Fast, EASY, and friendly employees!"
My experience was great and very stress free
"Andy was very understanding, kind, polite and patient. Took time to explain and answer all my questions"
"Tezi from your Irving Texas office was very professional, Informational , Expedient and Polite. I would recommend friends and family. Thanks Tezi"
Dawn made it so easy to understand and quick to get through. The new process of doing it online and on the computer makes it so much easier and quicker. Thank you again Dawn and Jodi make it why I come back.
I've been dealing with OneMain for several years now and find all their employees very kind and helpful. On my most recent loan I dealt with James who was not only professional but also thorough in giving me several different options of ways my loan AMT and pmts cld be structured. I love dealing with this institution
Very good experience the girls were very helpful and nice.
"The staff was so helpful & processed my loan quickly during my lunch hour
I was in & out within an hour & the loan amount in my account
Very satisfied"
I feel as the team understood my situation and worked to help me get the needed funds
High interest and too long of loan process.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
It was fast easy and comfortable. Some people don’t take the usual route of asking for help or money. One Main made it so that I felt no shame behind my request and reminded me that it’s ok to ask for help sometimes. Altogether it didn’t take more than 24hrs to get everything done and that’s being generous.
The staff were extremely professional & helpful. The loan officer handling my account went to extra lengths to ensure I received the most I could from my request. He was very patient while explaining the process and thoroughly answered all my questions and concerns. I have been a past customer and will continue to utilize One Main when the need arises.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Everything was so easy and our rep was friendly and knowledgeable
"I will have to say Leslie the customer service agent went above, and beyond to assist me, was very polite at all times, and very respectful"
The help I received was top notch! I starred working One Main Financial last fall. I live in Chicago and both Ryan and Fabian from the Rogers Park branch have been extremely helpful and patient.
"Our representative was so nice ,made us at ease about the whole situation. Process was straightforward and easy."
"One Main Financial worked almost too easy! It was quick, from my phone, and I had money in the bank the next morning to start my remodel!"
"I had the pleasure of working with Valerie at OneMain Financial (Cordova) with my personal loan needs. She was simply amazing! She was very knowledgeable and thorough! I appreciated the fact that she took the time to explain the ""why"" behind certain matters. She provided excellent service and included more of a personal touch. Valerie did an amazing job of exceeding my expectations."
One price was given to me and after signing the amount was so high and I called and stated I would LKQ to give truck back and was told by the manager that I cannot give the truck back
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"I truly appreciate One Main for been very helpful in my of need . Recommendations is plus for me .I know I can count on them .Thank ,One Main"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
My experience with Jason was great. He was pleasant and knowledgeable about the services I needed.
"Lynette was awesome in being personable, professional and timely. The experience was completely painless."
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
The second I agent i had was amazing. She worked hard to get the deal done. Thank you Brooksville office! The first one was all over the place. Zephyrhills location.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
My loan agent was very attentive and very informative
I needed to skip payment instead all they would do is raise my payment to where I don't know if can afford from $469 month to 570 a month I could not make payment before how do I do it now I don't think anybody cares
I had such a great service experience to get the loan recently with OneMain
The people here were very pleasant and professional. We got our loan very quickly and would absolutely recommend them to anyone.
Great Job now if i can just get u paid off
"Shanna Was Amazing! Fast, thorough, and knowledgeable. She made it a great experience
Thank you"
No issues at all. This is the 2nd loan I took out at One Main in Canandaigua NY office & Alex was extremely professional and helpful throughout the process.
Customer service
"Always the best. Professional, kind, willing to try and do what they can. I usually work with Chuck and he is awesome but the whole office is great."
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Yes they did a good job helping me buy a car
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
The ease of process and making everything accessible. Definitely recommend for short term loans for debt consolidation.
Tanya was very helpful. She worked with me. She was patient with me. Taking out a loan was a big step for me.
"Easy, secure, fast service."
The young lady that helped me name Cher was very nice and understanding and very patient. I wasn’t having a great day when I went there and just by her having great customer service made my day better. Thanks a lot! __
I did the application online and immediately got a phone call. Tara was very pleasant and understanding. she made the entire process from the application to the closing a wonderful experience.
Every one made you feel important and it was a speedy process
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
It was taking too long and it was painful. Too much staff next time I go to the location. Terence was wonderful helping me all the way but system was slow and crashed.
Good effort to nail down many details of loan in a timely manner!
"Fast, easy and friendly"
The people are professionals and understand the process.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Made the experience so much better
The friendliness of the staff made it easy for me to get what I needed done
"Loan was hand led smoothly and quickly. Representatives were very helpful. Very happy with customer support, thanks."
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
The client gave me excellence customer service. The client was able to walk me through my entire application step by step. Everything was explained to me in detail and all questions were answered.
Great company to work with. Awesome customer service. Very happy with the help they provided.
"Working with Mercedes was an amazing experience. She was very friendly, professional and answered all of my questions. Offered me water not once but twice. She explained all the benefits to me which I did purchase because of explanation she gave about this benefit. Just grateful for Mercedes and One Main for their help and understanding of my needs."
The total expierence was so easy to apply and explanation of loan procedure was easy to follow. Our representative Marie was so easy to talk to. I recommend One Financial to anyone seeking funds.
Awesome good
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"The loan process was not what they had preapproved me for. They sent numerous preapproval letters so I decided to try. I was sorely disappointed. My loan went through of course for a lesser amount. The associate was very thorough and was very nice and professional. She delivered her end as she was supposed to, in a timely manner. One main does not live up to what they assure their customers of. I like the one here in Baker because regardless of when you need help they make an all out effort to help. In the past Dee was a jewel to do business with which is why I came back."
My experience was positive as well as pleasant. My person used patience in explaining the contract and kindness. I enjoyed my experience.
The people are real friendly I don't know
"My loan process was quick, smooth and courteous. Best financial experience I've had in my lifetime and I'm 74 years old!! Would highly recommend One Main."
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
It was the customer service from both you're guys's loan officers That made the Is experienced better than others
Literally the easiest process. Amazing communication throughout. Every detail regarding the loan was explained and all questions answered. Highly recommend!!!
"Date of experience: October 26, 2023"
"I really appreciate the time and patience that was displayed and getting me what I needed, great job."
Very easy process! The agent was great also.
"It was pretty smooth, funds were available immediately and representatives found a way to help me at every chance"
My experience with OneMain was exceptional. Dee answered all my questions and made my loan process fast and easy.
John was great he was the guy that helped me out. I like how onemain puts there customer’s first keeps there personal information safe an gets there s**t done asap!
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Hi Ms. Kayla was top notch and very knowledgeable about her job.______
As always a great and pleasurable assistance.
This is my second loan through One Main Financial. Both times the process was seamless. Paying off the loan early is simple and no hassle. Office personnel were knowledgeable and kind.
Terrible. Bad apr rates and terrible customer service. Took money out if my account a month early and withdrew my account to the negatives and wouldn't pay the overdraft fees when it was there fault it went in the negatives
The. Experience was very good Maria. Was a good help. Good customer service
Rep was knowledgeable and helpful with the loan product.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Gabriella was very helpful and polite with me and she was very concern with my situation with my dad passing and helping to find way to buried my dad
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Bryan Miqueo and his entire team provide excellent customer services and a loan at a reasonable interest rate and APR. Keep up the good work OneMain Financial!!
"The person how help me.was very nice and good at her job. Thank you for the loan. I can make some of my home repairs.
Thank you.
Rocky"
They made it quick and easy to succeed the funds I needed.
Very easy to work with. I would recommend them for all your y
Fast approvals and great customer service!!
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Very helpful and helped me get back on my feet.
Joseph saw me through the whole process. Addressed issues in a timely manner and got funds quicker than expected.
Melissa was very helpful and knew what she was talking about. Made the process quick and easy.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Very friendly customer service staff. Quick process easy to understand.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"And I walked in, they were immediately assisting me. There was support understanding in great direction and financial advice. Absolutely brilliant and reassuring me & getting me back on track for a temporary cause and situation that I really needed in a life recovery. Amazing kind people thank you & more"
Did everything they could to get me my loan with a payment I was happy with
You’ll really came through when I needed some cash for an emergency thanks
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"Easy, loan officer was patient, helpful and overall friendly."
Gentleman that assisted me was very professional and I'm grateful that I was able to get a loan to payoff some of my bills.
"Fast, easy, and online"
"Very knowledgeable staff and everything was done via email and phone.

Staff were very patient polite and friendly."
Very nice ladies. Professional. Quick and easy to get loan. Great customer service.
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
"Best service ever!!!! Same day approved and money in my bank instantly, within the hour!!!! Excellent customer service!!!!!"
So fast and easy - just the way I like it
"Very patient and very helpful, Thank you for all the help."
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Aaron did a Great Job! Explained things and was very helpful
"Date of experience: October 31, 2023"
Everyone was very thoughtful and helpful. It made me feel very welcome
Customer service. Quick response. Detailed info. Ease of process to apply and close on the loan. Manager was knowledgable and easy to speak with. Outgoing and friendly which puts the customer at ease.
"The supposed 4k loan I was offered is part of your official reply to the AG who I'm waiting to hear back from. So I see no reason to email you.
I tried to keep it in house, even taking 30 minutes to call because my phone number was not even in your system or recognized with onemain financial because I hadn't even filled out or attempted an application.
Therefore I had to go through HR to talk to someone to even get to customer service. I was also laughed at when I mentioned filing with my AG by the first employee. Dalton was more professional but wasn't able to help.
Onemain financial filed a loan application without my permission.
After filing a complaint with my attorney generals office, on 10-30-2023 onemain financial blatantly lied in their claim that I was offered a loan at all. Much less specifically a secured loan for 4,000 as I was not offered a loan at all.
If onemain financial blatantly lies about a NONE CUSTOMER financial information, I would not personally trust with with access to your bank account, home or car."
"Loan processes was okay, I didn’t like how they force you to pay your registration on your vehicle if it expires within 90days. The estimated cost for your registration comes in at $200 more. Also we did this loan to payoff a loan my wife had prior to our marriage. We were quoted the pay off amount closed on the loan and then was told oh there was a payment we processed to include in loan. Lastly One main is refusing to provide my loan documents so I can review the loan in its entirety."
You were fabulous in assisting me. thanks
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Fast processing of the loan and nice and helpful customer rep.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Las Cruces branch is professional and expedient since loan process took less than an hour. Did not expect approval since El Paso branch disapproved with the same financial information. Staff was courteous and aware of my time and the distance I traveled to be at their branch. Thank you
"Your representative explained everything
Went step by step going over everything and did not rush through it
Very friendly and poliyr"
I had a hard time proving my income because of being on workmen's comp and they were scanned in as a check because direct deposit was not a thing apparently. Chrissy and Blake and everyone i talked to had a lot of patience with me and all my questions and wondering what was going on. My TBI made it a little hard to process all the information but everyone worked with me very well and got me the loan and that got me out of a tight spot and it refinanced my car so that is included in the monthly payment instead of two separate payments. All my bills are caught up and I was even able to pay for an emergency vet bill that was an unexpected $600! Thank you guys so much for giving me the loan
"I've had multiple loans with OneMain over the past year, and I have to say, they are one of the best financial companies out there. They are respectable, highly dependable, and their customer service is absolutely phenomenal. I've never had a negative experience with OneMain, and can definitely say that because of nothing but positive experiences with them, they’ve gained another loyal, long-term customer.

Thank you guys so much for everything you do to assist those of us who truly need your services."
"Friendly, knowledgeable people. Down to earth with a hometown feel to the intersections"
Ron and his staff are not interested in educating clients to the process. They are annoyed when answering questions. He and staff could all use remedial customer service training. Not recommended.
My representative was very professional and she explained every process.
"I always get nervous when doing things over the phone. I had the opportunity to have Crystal help me throughout the process. She was great. She was friendly, bubbly, and made my nervousness go away. Everything was done quick and she explained everything well."
The company is very knowledgeable friendly and courtesy. I want to recognize Laura who has helped me 5 years ago and a week ago with a new loan.
Lorena was so kind and amazing. Very professional and explained everything thoroughly for me. I would recommend her to anyone in the Ontario CA area.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Sabrina is always so nice to work worth. Gets the paperwork filled out in a fast and timely matter.
Excellent personal always to helpful 100% satisfactory
She was honest and explained all options to me and was very patient with me.
"While it is humbling and embarrassing to have to take out a loan, One Main makes you feel that you are in good hands and that they respect you. Though the interest rates are very high, I have used One Main before and will recommend them to my friends. Their customer service is wonderful."
Great Customer Service. Very friendly and helpful.
"I called in to removd automatic payments and mentioned I opted into a debt mgmt program, called them back (same day) to request my account be closed and to move the payment date. However, Shelia did not care to mention that given the changes I would be limited to xyz and just did what she was asked and was later told I would not be able to change my payment date due to this which I found extremely frustrating! The person I was speaking to was clearly in training and showed no empathy what so ever. I wouldn't suggest OneMainFinancial for your financial needs."
"Friendly and up front about my Loan and I trust them,remember this is my first time with you, hope to take this survey again when I make a few payments down the line, THANKS."
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Was able to deal with the same Representative that I had when I first got a loan with One Main which was great!
"Staff was friendly, busy but friendly."
Amy was very professional and knowledgeable about the loan process.
Katie Morgan was amazing and is a wonderful asset to your company!!
"Jill was very helpful... Everything went through quickly and easily... And so far everything she explained was exactly how it worked... Thank You and especially, Thank You Jill..."
The customer service rep was really responsive and did a great job communicating and explaining everything I asked him. Xavier was very professional throughout the entire process!
The staff was patient and helpful to make the loan process easy and convenient two thumbs up.
"From the time I walked in till the time I left, I felt welcomed. As I entered, I was greeted and made to feel at home. Everyone was very friendly and helpful."
"Ms. Ashley was able to help me.I just lost my Mother. And my, money went to paying my bills and my Mother bills. And now I just worry about my Mother, that I miss so much. And not the bills we had together."
"The agent was vey pleasant and patient with me. The entire staff was pleasant from the time I entered the door until leaving. Time frame on loan process didn't take all day. My mom had been a long time customer of One Main and she had recommended them to me. I am so appreciative of this company and it's employees for assisting me . It relieved much stress off me and I was able to clear some financial obligations. Thanks so much,Virginia Nelson"
Really open and responsive. Worked to get me the best deal.
Meghan did a great job helping us get what we needed. She called every day and was a calming influence. We really appreciate her efforts.
"Very profession, easy process and everyone in the office is nice!"
Entire process was quick and simple. Everything was in line and easy to understand. Employees were friendly.
Quick and easy. Danielle was very nice.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
It was very easy to apply online. April was very helpful
ms hunter eas very professinal took care of my needs n a timely manner and very down to earth to explain things in layman terms she a keeper
Loan process was very easy to do. The loan processor Michelle was very helpful and friendly.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
This was my second time visiting this OMF location and the staff has made the process very easy and wasn’t stressful at all.
Liz was awesome! She made me feel very comfortable went over every detail. She was absolutely amazing. Thank you Liz!
I called about loan increase and was given an approval before noon the next day. Was able to sign and receive the money within 24 hours.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"The staff is great and down to earth!!!
Process was very easy to complete!!!"
One main financial is very efficient and fast except staff forgets to call back to let you know about a loan but other than that they made it possible for us to get the money we need fast .
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
The entire staff went above and beyond my expectations. . They made me feel comfortable and helped me every step in the process. Would definitely recommend. Received loans within hours of submitting everything.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"The people were very pleasant, professional. Explain everything to me and it did not take long to did, I am very honest."
"I received the loan of my choice with no problems, my loan agent was very professional she was able to answer all my questions appropriately, she was very polite"
..I found the experience tedious but I knew the experience had to be. The rep was nice and patient though the process was cumbersome.
I was able to get a loan when I did not think I could. the price was expensive but i think I save in the long run.
"Customer service makes all the different in my decision.
This my second time getting loan from this company, MR Manuel asked all the right question with explanation how much I'm going to put in interest rates, he made all the process painless, easy, and he stayed on top of it even when he send me email, he will call me, and let me know what's I needed to do next. Please give him a raise."
"Judy was AMAZING! Excellent customer service! Loan process was easy, simple and fast. Highly recommend OneMain Financial!"
"Wonderful employees, wonderful service, quick and helpful. Reason for only 2 __ is the incredibly HIGH INTEREST rate for someone with good credit. 30%!"
Very knowledgeable and experienced. Everything was quick and easy.
"They were very conscientious about getting back to me even after I had resigned myself to not gettthe loan, they worked with me to make sure it was approved. Easy peesy"
Friendly staff broke everything down for me so I can understand and didn't hesitate to help me out
"Quick, professional, friendly."
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
I think you guys went above and beyond what we expected and our experience was very pleasant
Was very pleased with the way I was treated
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Professionalism and excellent customer service. Caring hearts. knowledge of the busine
Walked me through everything. Very friendly
My finanicer took her time explaining everything to me with pleasure and always had a smile which made me relax
I had a great experience all was clear and easy I would highly recommend them
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
The staff was extremely professional! I just am so happy. Thank you for having me as a customer!
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
The people was very nice and professional
Great staff. Always eager to help
The experience was handled very professional.
Polite and respectful people! Quick and easy service! Great job!__
Joseph Nava was very helpful guiding me through the process of getting a loan and explained it very clearly.
Jennifer was awesome the application and process was super fast.
Very friendly and knowledgeable about all your services. Thomas Sieja
Staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in assisting with securing said loan I look forward to my next interaction with the staff of OMF.
Time response and quicky processing with great communications.
"Maurice Lloyd was my rep and he was very knowledgeable, really made my experience easy and smooth."
Jennifer at One Main in Houma is really awesome!! She was very knowledgeable when I applied for my loan
Tess was great to deal with super nice!
We were treated very well by Ms. Blanca as always. She was very professional and courteous to our needs. Overall satisfaction 100%.
Took days to get return call that I never got I had to keep calling
"The ladies were very polite and professional, it was pleasure working with them!!!!"
They were helpfull and respectfull and i love the service
Simplicity of the whole process was unbelievably. Very nice and knowledgeable customer service it was a pleasure doing business with the company
"The staff are very helpful and accommodating.
Also, they are very knowledgeable about the services they are offering.
Thumbs up to all of you! :)"
"Clayton, NC Representative was super helpful and fast. She even offered my way more than I needed. Fast and easy process. Wish I remembered her name."
It was quick and easy! Closed loan during my lunch break from work __
"I was very impressed of how easy and quickly the process was to get approved. I was also very impressed of how quick the money was deposited to my account. I have never experienced anything this amazing before. I also appreciate how you reached out to me to let me know that I was able to take another loan out, I really thought it was helpful to know that at this time I was able to apply for the loan and get approved on the spot. Thank you so much!!!!!"
The agent I had was knowledgeable and professional.
Amazing company to work with
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
I was in need of a quick loan for the engine replacement in my car. The lady that assisted me was very courteous and quick to help me. I appreciate this company very much.
"The Rep Tammey, was so patient and happful in going above and beyond.To assist us."
"I had a loan in the Terrell office. I did not have a great experience when we first took out the loan. It was great the people that work there were very friendly. Super nice seem like they went out of their way to help you in anyway that they could now the people that are working in the office are rude very nasty to you and basically not a store. I will visit ever again I also took my business to the one in Rowlett. They were much nicer, friendlier people to deal with and they totally understood the way I felt y’all need better people in the branch and Terrell the people that you have working. There are very rude to your customers. I am not the only customer that is been complaining about this I have spoke to other peoples walking in the office and said that they hate going in there."
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"The people were friendly and professional, and very quick"
The people were terrific who helped with my my account. The process was very quick and easy.
When you have a financial problem the lost thing you need is a person that has no interest in just getting you the loan But the Seaford Delaware Office has won me over with their caring for their clients me and my husband.
I was approved quickly and received my funds within 24 hours
Great such a easy process
OneMain Financial is the best financial institution that Ive ever been involved with and want to be involved with. I love yall dearly!
Explain all perfect.
Excellent and professional service thank you.
They made it quick fast and simple I was in and out in less than an hour and got more than what I was actually looking for
"Easy to do, and fast cash deposit. The only headache was stupid technical problems with their goddamn website, but that was no fault of the the lady at the Baker office. She was an angel."
"Our Company has so-so credit....consequently it was a surprise to qualify for a 13K loan although we only took
advantage of a 4K note. For which we thank y'all most heartidly.
Your staff was impressive & very professional.
I would have no hesitation in choosing to use your services in the future. Thank you again.
Rob Charlton"
The process was easy and quick and I did it from mt phone. The rep was so very pleasant and professional and I felt completely at ease. I would recommend them to any of my friends. Thank you!!
"Jennifer was nice , helpful. And help me do everything that she could do for me. I appreciate her and I thank her so very much."
"My experience with Adam Kezek
(Sr. personal loan Specialist) was so smooth meaning the entire process from the time I sat at his desk went over all my options, signed the documents., took about 40 minutes.,
I received my funds one hour after leaving the office….EXCELLENCE."
The personal loan specialist made (Shea) me feel comfortable during the entire process. She was knowledgeable and explained every aspect of the loan in great detail.
"Very helpful. Forever grateful. Staff very nice, very friendly and we had a #10 experience with One Main. Thanks."
It was a great experience Gwendolyn Jones did my loan and she made it a fantastic experience all the employees were friendly and very nice
Fast service and great people to work with.
"It was a very painful process that promised to be very easy. I prequalified, got offers from OMF. I accepted. Click bait. Oh sorry that’s not available. You can have this crappy deal instead. What a freaking joke. Stay away from this shady lender.
Reply: there is no application to follow up on. I took the lesser evil of your offers. I will make it work. But I stand by what I said. Complete click bait. Oh AND they make it very difficult to pay on principal instead of just paying ahead. How ridiculous. Most lenders want you to get paid off early. OMF’s goal appears to be to keep you in debt. I’ll jump through their stupid hoops, finish fixing my credit and never deal with OMF again."
The loan closing process was simply seamless. The loan consultant was very knowledgeable and helpful. Keep up the good work!
The process was very simple and the representative was very knowledgeable and helpful in making the process easier.
"My experience with One Financial has went extremely well. I have received two separate loans from One financial and Sharon, was the one who helped out both times. She made sure everything work out to make this a pleasant experience. I hope the company recognizers her for her great customer service."
"One Main has the BEST Customer Service. They listen, they are honest in dealing with me."
"I think her name was Melanie, she did a great job at assisting me with my loan. She was very knowledgeable, and made me feel very comfortable asking questions and making sure I was ok with everything before I signed. Also I think they’re the manager but she was very nice as well. This was the best customer service I’ve ever had in while!"
Was very easy to receive information and paperwork. The lady who helped me was very pleasant and very helpful. Was a joy to work with her.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
OMF.. has always helped me out when needed. The agent was great and explained everything perfectly !!
Very straight forward pleasant n understanding
Kelvin explained to me everything step by step and answer all my questions I will recommend One Main to all my friends.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Fast approval and quick service with funds in under an hour. Thank you
"Quick and easy. After moving through all the unnecessary options that should be left to the customer to decide at a later time... Stephanie (sorry if that is spelled incorrectly) was professional and kind.

Thanks Steph!"
Very efficient and quick in paperwork process and transfer of funds. Basically a 24 hour turn around time frame.
"Your representatives were all very helpful and eager to help with any questions, issues and doubts that I had. Everyone was eager to take the ball (obligation) and help in order to get my loan processed and approved.
Thank you__"
Fast decision and very professional staff
I was on vacation at the time my Lon was processed and the workers helped me finish up over the phone and the funds I requested were deposited in my account with in hours. Very helpful group of people.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Five star service.I would definitely recommend this company. Alejandra Lenz walk me thru every step and made it extremely easy for me to understand. She was amazing.
It was quick and easy. Thank you very much
Very friendly and informative! Also very quick! Was in and out in under and hour
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
I had a great experience at OneMain.. Their online application was easy and fast.. once I went in and signed papers I had money in my bank within the hour... I'd definitely recommend them for fast loans to my friends...
"Wonderful company’s customer service, people are friendly, attentive, and paying attention to personal specific needs & questions.
The have actual solutions to the issues with the loans & rates. Now it is my favorite financial company, if I searching for a loan. Thanks __"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"So far, I like the way they explain my payments"
Alazea sorry if I misspelled her name but she was amazing. We had hit a couple of bumps in the process but she made sure to smooth it out and help me get funded. She was very professional and personable. I'm glad to have had her as my loan specialist.
"Rates and promptness were as expected, not a budget friendly move but quick necessity made simple. Online application and uploading of docs was easy enough. The problem is the customer service. I've never met someone so rude and obnoxious but like I said, quick necessity. Based on customer service, I wouldn't go through them again, they need to learn some basic manners. For a quick fix that you don't mind paying an arm and a leg interest for, this did the job."
"The one main associate was professional at all times while making my payment.
The sales pitch for years ago was ALL THE GIFTS I WOULD BE ABLE TO GET""
If I timely paid my account.
That.....never happen as I could never access my account...because it Claimed..my password was invalid...Okaaaay!"
The staff was very professional took their time explaining everything process was very fast easy money was in the account an hour. Just wanted to thank the staff again for all the help. Can you
"Morgan helped my wife and I, we were trying to get $40000, but she was able to get us as much as she can whichever helped consolidate 3 of our bills and pay off our car. She was very friendly and helpful."
The process was super fast! I didnt have to go to the office i just did everything over the phone!Lisa was very knowledgeable and super fast on processing my loan!
"I'm well satisfied, because of the speedy service I needed of distressed.Thank You!"
Pamela was an amazing help and she was very thorough and helpful
could have done a more efficient process and was given wrong information on canceling insurance...not given money given credit
The staff was very nice. Caitlin was very knowledgeable and helpful.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Christer was a great staff.
Her name must have been spelt wrongly, but she was great and helpful."
Excellent and fast service. I got approved fast and the money was deposited in my account the next day. I applied for a $20000.00 loan and that’s what I got $20000.00. In other places you ask for 20 and you get 18 or 17 1/2 because they charge you from the 20 that you borrow and you ended receiving less.
Trish was great. It was a painless experience. I will recommend them to everyone. Thank you for making a stressful time not STRESSFUL at all.
"The people that I worked with were kind, friendly and very helpful. It was a very pleasant experience. There were a few issues with the computer but they visited with me and we passed the time enjoyable until the issue was fixed.
I would gladly return for another loan"
"There were some technical setbacks but the girl, Icissis help and we worked through things."
"They like to argue with the customer when the application goes wrong online...brought a car, 3 days later got an email saying the loan was denied...they will sabotage you and scam you...I already made a report with the customer finance bureau."
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Feather was awesome, very nice and helpful! I would definitely recommend one main to anyone!"
ABSOLUTELLY THE EASIEST MOST TROUBLE FREE FAST DEPOSIT LOAN YOU CAN GET!
"Wonderful, easy & professional!!"
Your staff at the Sheridan WY office are always amazing to work with
Fast and easy within 24 hrs I had the money deposited into my acct.
"She was prepared, informative, professional; at the same time made the process quick and comfortable. She was very understanding and explained any questions or concerns I had. She made what I thought would be a dreaded exprience a learning, postive, ejoyable pricy day."
spoke with Barbara.. she was excelent:: explain to me with details and made me very confortable.
The person was open to questions and was answering professionally without complications
Rebecca was beyond helpful!!! Wonderful experience
"Amazing follow up, very detailed explanation and through review of products."
"Great people , answer all of my questions"
"Contact was of the utmost importance for me. Knowledge about company policy, financial management practices and business management was the key factor. I appreciate all the hard work and dedication to making sure I, the customer, understand the process of the loan transaction. Very Grateful!"
The kindness of the staff. Willing to answer any questions I had and very informative
Working with Chasity on this loan was so easy and very efficient. She was professional and courteous throughout the process.
Bad! Bad! Bad!
Valeria was the person who worked my loan and she was very helpful and professional. I just was expecting better interest rates.
Mercedes was very nice and very helpful. The whole process was quick and painless.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
My representative did a great job with explaining things to me in a way that I could understand so that I could make the best informed decision around my finances.
Very professional. Polite
"I had an awesome experience in getting approved for my loan, for being my first loan and for being a young customer; I highly rate my experience."
They were extremely helpful and super super nice and friendly and helped me out so much and worked around my schedule to help me!
they are so professional. 10/10
"Representative was courteous, kind and very know of the product"
"My Experience with the Cape Coral FL, office was Fantastic!!!! Tony & his staff helped me get approved & funded in the same day for what I needed. He followed up, stayed on top of things & was very pleasant to talk with through the entire process. If you want a better interest rate & low upfront fees compared to other companies, this is the place to go.
Stan K."
Can you pick up right away Mr Perez is a really good manager to do loans and help people out of situations he is helping me a lot and I so appreciate what he has done for me
It was a no hair pull easy financing
"Great company and reliable, honest, patience,fast and friendly"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
From the beginning to the end everyone I spoke with was very professional and nice__
My experience was very helpful very friendly staff on time with all of my paperwork thank you again
"The folks I dealt with reviewed my options, talked me through as paperwork was being done and had a great attitude.

My application took a couple days , to achieve what I wanted and they came through for me. I tell others to use your services."
Their customer service is excellent my agent Alec was very helpful explaining and returning my calls above all everyone was very polite and helpful
Super easy process ! Everyone has been super friendly!
Jenifer is Great person and great in costumer service make easy process ______Thanks __
"All ways best.
Cristal she was very helpful."
"The staff in St Clair Shores, Mi was Excellent especially the young lady who helped me her name is Theresa she went over and beyond to help me A1 Service"
"The initial visit to the office was uncomfortable and quite off putting. I was first invited to come sit in an office, but momentarily then turned away and told to instead call them some time. I left and called minutes later after returning home. I began that call by asking if I would be better off going to a different branch and requested an honest answer as I feared from the first impression that this employee did not care to take the time to talk with me about my need and would possibly produce barriers to me successfully acquiring the loan. When I went back for the sit down I was thankful to be doing business with a different female. I believe her name was Melinda. She was very kind and knowledgeable. It was pleasant and painless. So maybe go a little further than first impression."
The process was eazy and quick. The agent was on point and had great custumer service.
Always helpful and there when needed. Very quick and efficient.
"Everyone at OneMain in Greenville, Texas is great, super helpful and friendly. Thank you!

Kim"
"I called for an appointment and got to see my agent that afternoon. He had all my paperwork and information ready to go. Quick, easy, knowledgeable and helpful."
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Your employees had a difficult time understanding that I switched jobs. They could not grasp the fact that I made more money at my new job. I spoke with four to five different people explaining the same thing. I eventually told one of the representatives that I did not want to finance with them and there was no attempt at service recovery. The process was plagued with server errors during the application process and closing. Worst experience ever dealing with a loan company.
"Excellent service, grateful for the good treatment, I come from Puerto Rico and I do not speak 100% English and both the lady who answered me on the phone and the gentleman who interviewed me and worked on my case explained everything to me and answered my questions. The process It was quick and easy, I'm just grateful and definitely recommend them. Thank you."
My experience was the best Ariana was nice very professional and friendly explained. Everything was great
Mercedes Perez was very helpful in getting me the funds I was needing. The only thing I would do different is have the funds electronically deposited instead of a written check because my bank put a 7-Day hold on the check
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
Melissa..................PERIOD ! Love Her
Very pleasant customer service and the loan agent. Very fast and timely with the loan
"Every person is different, but my experience was wonderful. She made calls and figured everything out and was able to get me a loan at just about half the interest of my credit cards. Quickly. If getting a loan seems impossible give them a call. They seem to work through different ways to get you approved."
The rep who closed my loan was very nice and professional al and explained the process in Detail ... kudos to One Main Financial
Jessica was great
Tina was an absolute pleasure to work with and for us.
"The whole office was responsive, making sure we had someone knowledgeable about our file. Lisa was so positive and easy to talk with. She walked us through the steps, making sure we understood the details."
Super fast and easy. She was very pleasant.
The Application Process Was Quick and Straightforward
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Very helpful staff, worked when I needed it.....Quick at returning calls and emails...!!!"
This was one of the easiest processes I have ever done. Working with Kristen was absolutely amazing! I will refer One Main Financial to everyone! You have a customer for a lifetime!!!!!
"Simple, fast, and very helpful staff"
It was fast and easy Peter talked me through the process no problem it was great.
"Date of experience: October 25, 2023"
"Kim was amazing. She made it actually enjoyable to borrow money. This could not have happened at a better time. I will definitely use One Main Financial again. Thank you team!

Kelli Everland"
Great customer service took a little longer than I thought. Nonetheless great service. My second time receiving a loan.
Quick and easy. Friendly professional employees
"Date of experience: September 19, 2023"
Loan representative was nice courteous and helpful and explained everything completely. Sorry I can't remember her name I think it was Sara
Candace was wonderful representation of your company...she's a keeper..
"The service was fine. The only down point is I have excellent credit and you are charging me 24%. I will be moving my loan soon, if not just paying it off within the next month or so."
"Your branch located in Albuquerque NM Coors NW and Central, was terrible with there customer service, I was told first a few weeks back they could give a loan, called and now they weren't the least interested, your company picking and choosing whom they want to work with is not very welcome by me, I will not tell anyone to use your company!"
I had a great experience at this location on Hwy 54 Ste 227. The loan Specialist Sheerah Daye was a pleasure to work with . She was very prompt with my documentation and worked with me on the best loan for my budget. Sheerah was very knowledgeable of the loan rates and documentation. She was very patient with all my questions and very friendly.
Agent was very professional and courteous. Made this very easy and quick.
Judy was very helpful and accommodating with the times.
I actually went in to branch and from the front desk to Manager on duty to the young man who helped me close out I was met with Kindness and professionalism. I went to the branch in Yonkers
I have been dealing with one main for some years now and I can't even begin in words to say how much they have helped me. Always enjoy the kind and courteous service they always exhibit and they are concerned with you as a person. You always walk out with a smile on your face.
Lucy in the Bordentown office makes everything so easy. She is the only one I will deal with. Her customer service is over and above outstanding. I highly recommend you contact her if you need to get a loan.
"Easy and very fast service, thank you onemain financial you guys help me a lot, specially Olga she's top notch in good service __ __ __ __"
Joshua was very polite. Got down to the basics so I would understand everything. He made the whole process quick and easy and will answer all your questions so you understand
Misty was very helpful. This is my second time. Getting my loan with you all.
Very polite friendly and professional and timely
Helpful and constructive
"Great service, prompt response"
"Got alot of help. Was very satisfied
Really liked the girl that helped me"
"Best customer service.They treated me with respect.Dora was amazing..The loan was approved quickly,and everyone was helpful.
Thank you One Main Financial."
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
I like went the employees will ask do you need any financial assistance and help you get it that’s wonderful __
"The young lady that assisted me was very Professional. Explained every detail related to my loan. Made sure I understood everything about my loan and payment.

Thank you for the great Customer Service from Ms Chavez."
My loan officer was awesome!!! He was a good down to earth guy and did everything I asked with no b.s. Can’t ask for better costumer service !!!!!!!!
"Whoever i was in contact with over the phone was demanding and very rude, she harrassed both me and my mother after we had told her that we were unavailable, i made an appointment for when my mother and i would be available and i put off my plans for the day and no one ever called me, 3 times we made an appointment and only once did someone actually call us, they were also rude during the whole process of paper work that was already filled out at the car dealership"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
You are always willing to work with me! My situation can be difficult at times but you always get through it!
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"all was easy and fast, Amy was so sweet, and knowledgeable and friendly"
Working with an assigned person made the process of applying much easier. She helped me to get required documents uploaded with ease. And was always following up with me.
Very patient and good people
So very very helpful and everything that I needed to get
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Great team, everything was explained very well"
The process took to long . I had to contact the company as the appointment for phone call was never received. I had to keep contacting a rep to get anything done. Some instructions were not clear.
"Fast approved workers were great. Communications were on point.
Only hassle I got was when depositing into bank account, they doubled the amount. I have the money back and a 2 weeks later they took out of my bank again. Left me in the negative over the weekend. Couldn't pay my bills as it was also payday. Other than that this company is good."
The associates knew their products and services
"The application process was simple and fast, the reply from OMF was quick also. The staff are very friendly and the environment was welcoming and comfortable."
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Smooth transactions. Fast friendly service. Sue was great. Thanks Bill
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Everyone was so welcoming and friendly. I felt like I made good friends!
They’re Betty kind treat me good I’m grateful with them
"I was a little disappointed with the unavailability of the one in charge of my loan and she had a little attitude, so maybe you guys have staffing issues? Maybe next time have more employees in the office"
"Helpful, courtesy personnel."
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Melissa was very helpful and other staff members were also attentive ____
Ms. Nikki took her time coach me thur the application.
"Do not trust the offers given, it will tell you you qualify, give you options, they run your credit and last minute you don’t qualify. Horrible false advertising. It gave me options for secured loans and non secured loans, I applied for non secured loans, they ran my credit and last minute asked for additional information that’s needed for secure loans. I call and they say I only qualified for secure loans, if I want to add a co-signer I have to re start application and they would RUN MY CREDIT AGAIN!. Complete waste of time! I could have gone to a different place! Now I have to wait before I can have my credit ran again or I’ll hurt it even more! And my financial emergency just became so much harder. Thanks OneMain.."
I was treated with respect and they were all very friendly and non judgemental.
"Maria was very professional, nice and very educated, she is the best person in Maine financial."
"Very nice and helpful, will recommend you"
Staff were very helpful and knowledgeable and helped in a friendly manner
I never have had an issue when it comes to dealing with One Main.
"The representative I spoke with was very professional, she walked me through the entire process making things easy to navigate and understand… She was very kind and for other reasons she left an impression on me that will last a lifetime… If this review one day reaches her, I hope she knows that she is a light that shines bright and I hope she has a great day on purpose…"
You believed in me and gave me the loan... I appreciate that.
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Great,the employees were very helpful and kind,very professional and accommodating,Thank you so much"
The consultant was great with the details and options with my loan. She was very prompt in getting back to me to set my appt.
Knowledgable agents make it easy and painless to set up an account/policy.
They help me to know what information that I needed for my loan.
This would have been better to pay off creditors electronically. Checks haven't reached them yet and resulted in late fees.
Everyone that I spoke with was very helpful and courteous.
One main is a great place to pick up a loan the girls here in twin Falls Idaho are great to work with. I went through major difficulties with making my payments and they were very helpful at working with me on my loan and kept me from further difficulties. I recommend them to everyone who needs help with a loan.
Very professional everyone was polite and the process was smooth
Very speedy transaction. Position showed concern. But I’m hoping
"This company took the time to explain everything that I needed to know as always.
Very friendly and kind.
Thank you very much."
The process with not difficult. The staff was very helpful and everything was able to get done quickly which really helped me in my needs.
This was one of the best loan experiences I have ever had. The staff is amazing and keeps you informed of the process every step of the way. I would definitely recommend ONEMAIN to everybody.
The guy was very nice and well informed give me great service and make me feel welcome
Brook was very helpful fast and efficient
The manager listen to me in my time on need and worked the best plan he could in my situation
Wonderful company very kind and easy to work with
"Very Good Customer Service, My Representative listened and responded to my Financial needs. I'm very Happy with my outcome."
"Wonderful assistant, Friendly and respectful."
My man who dealt with everything made it easy breezy. Everyone I have ever talked to from this office has always been super helpful and informative. Great group of people!
"It's was a very simple, fast and straightforward process."
I needed help y'all helped me y'all gave me no problem. Thank you
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Employees are wonderful and easy process. We're done in every short time.
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Excellent service. Very attention to what I needed.
"Excellent customer service, good terms, everything explained thoroughly."
"Great service, the individual that handles my account. His name escapes me. He is asset to your company. I will continue using your company as longer you keep employing individuals like him."
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Timely knowledgeable good customer service
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
My experience was great because of how super nice the agent was with me. The agent made the process super easy and understandable. The agent was knowledgeable and explained everything in detailed. Super great people to talk to.
Krystal was very help and gave me great financial advice
People were kind and helped me get the loan I needed
Interest rates are steep for so little loan potential. The branch does a great job but they don't control the terms.
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"From my initial phone call to the moment I walked through the door, I was made to feel human; not just a number. My representative kept the main thing, the main thing. Thus your name ""One Main."""
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Great people, great communication, simple process."
"Gracie was our loan specialist, and her customer service was awesome. She was there for us when we needed her help. She made the process very smooth, and un stressful. My wife and I are trying to consolidate some debt we incurred from our wedding, and Gracie, and One Main Financial helped us do that!!!!"
They are always so professional and get things completed in a timely manner.
Bree was absolutely courteous and professional throughout the process and did a great job explaining everything each step of the way.
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Pleasant-efficient-and-accomodating.

Couldnt-be-better."
Robin was very pleasant and helpful to work with. She walked me through the entire process. I am truly grateful!
The ladies who guided me through the process were kind and professional. I’ve never been disappointed or confused about my loan transactions when doing business with One Main. Thank you for all you have assisted me with.
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Very friendly, very clear on what to do, awesome representative!"
"Great Customer Service, everyone was professional."
How understand and fast my experience was
OneMain saved me money on interest on a previous loan and guided me through the process on paying off my loan in two years.
Amanda was amazing to work with. She answered all of my questions and made the process so easy.
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
Great experience! Found exactly what I was looking for. My family loves our new ride! __
"My agent Theresa was the best , she answered all of my questions and never rushed me to make a decision"
"I admire the professionalism from your phone representatives and management staff.They assisted me with closing out a lone with a company who made the process extremely difficult.

I do however suggest that you update your paid in full request form."
The staff was friendly and professional. It was within a matter of minutes of signing paperwork. I loved how your company puts it right on your debit card and it's in your checking account in one hour. I also love you have a choice of either once a month payments or bi-weekly which I love because I can budget better.
Great customer service! Very friendly and helpful staff! Definitely recommend!!
The young woman who assisted us was very knowledgeable and quickly worked us through the process.
"AWESOME! The staff is very professional, patient and understanding. __"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
"My loan officer was exceedingly helpful, gracious, and understanding of my needs. I never felt as if I was in this alone--he took care of me every step of the way, and made the whole process crystal-clear!"
"Date of experience: October 20, 2023"
The lady was very helpful and friendly. She took her time and walked me through everything and made everything clear
Rita is a sweetheart and also very intelligent. She knows her job and how to do it. I would say give this girl a raise because she didn't miss a thing. She is well versed on all products and I would highlight recommend. Great company. Great people.
I just need an address or more info on where to pay online
Lizann at new braunfels made this process smooth and simple. She was very friendly and professional. It is associates like Lizann keep us coming back to One Main.
"They string you along stating you will have a loan, dont call or email when told I would hear from them. When calling their office, no one knows what you are talking about. Total Scam.... Its a lie"
Their office in Southern California 626 area is absolutely trash. Yolanda is horrible at her job.would not use
"this is a complete trash company. They sent me one card and never sent me one warning to pay the anual fee. So, after 6 weeks, I discovery this company put fees and APR over the anual fee. I trying cancel that, but no success."
"Date of experience: September 27, 2023"
They were good to me. Clay was wonderful he did everything in his power to help me get the loan. Clay is a very hard worker and very patient I appreciate workers like Clay.
"After being approved, according to them, they would run and destroy my credit.I spent last 6 days sending documents in and bank statements and connecting my bank etc . Person from their new accounts team didnt really care to look at anything he just said YOU ARE NOT APPOVED thats what we decided have a good day. STAY AWAY! They ruing your credit"
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
It was great the people were nice. I will recommend a client to you. I told my friends about you.
"Shannon Leopold of One Main Financial in Kenosha was hands down the best consumer personal loan officer I had the great opportunity to work with. As a mortgage banker licensed in 48 states, I will no doubt refer my clients to Shannon Leopold of One Main Financial without hesitation. Like to thank the support and Operations staff and upper management for the easy streamline loan process I have experienced."
The agent was awesome and she did a thorough job in order to complete my loan approval.
"i finish my application call the Springfield branch Mo she answer cornel. all i was trying to do is buy car from another person own a shop, all she can say we are very limited I ask what about motorcycle she didn't want help me I was approve already for loan all she can say where very limited I ask. I ask her ok can give some places I can start looking to me with her voice she didn't want to help me. I'm go make sure to pass this on to everybody I know a big company and they don't want help a guy out.. my credit is very good.. honestly WILL NOT DO BUSINESS STILL SITTTING HERE THINKING ABOUT WHAT WAS SAID TO!!!! ILL SAY IT LIKE ITS!!!!!"
After many years securing loans through one main financial I've been kicked to the curb even though I've made every payment for multiple loans. Now I'm supposed to supply my vehicle title to cover a loan. Still have high 600's credit score. I thy they've lost their minds. How can you screw loyal customers and expect to stay in business?
"They do not approve bad credit, basically all they do is give you a hard credit check which is a 2 year problem this caused an additional drop off 53 points off my good credit score. They also spam your phone,email they even call my job! Just look at the better business bureau review. These positive reviews are most likely bots or fake. Just don't do it!"
"Had all my information ready, it was quick and simple, did not take long. Thank you."
This company has a harassing manager at the Livonia Branch. He is rude and disrespectful. He will not allow a person to talk. I definitely would contact another branch if you’re interested in obtaining a loan. I’ve done business with One Main in the past and I paid off my previous loans years before the due date.
"I got an email from OneMain with a “loan offer”, and I decided to pursue it because daycare costs are killing us. I started working with Brittany who was very friendly and helped get our application started. On Wednesday she notified me that we were ready to close and on Thursday we started signing documents. Then the website seemingly glitched and wouldn’t allow my husband to sign his part. So they came back saying they needed identity verification, so we uploaded more documents, answered more questions, etc. All this time Brittany keeps saying “I’ll call you back in the morning”, “I’ll call you back in a little bit”, and hours would pass by with no call or update until I would call and ask. Finally after hours and hours over this week of trying to get this loan to finish closing, I call for an update and am told they decided not to move forward. Brittany didn’t even bother to call and tell me. This has been such a horrible, time consuming, anxiety inducing experience (and in the end all for nothing!) and I would absolutely not recommend using this company."
"Thank you One Main Financial, was very helpful at my time of need."
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
I was helped through the whole process by an attentive employee who show great determination of making my loan possible.
The process is professional
"Service was easy, efficient, friendly and fast."
"Friendly staff, make you feel right at home!"
"You guys are awesome!
Thank you very much!!"
They were very easy to understand they were very professional and they gave me my answer quickly and they gave you my money within hours. I plan to pay them off quicker than what they said I did but the payoff was very low it was very affordable
Jason was excellent he was very very accommodating highly recommend
"Monet our representative from the Salisbury, NC branch was very helpful and professional during the loan process! This is our second time using One Main as a resource for our financial needs! Thank you!!"
"From the moment Mercedes picked up the phone until my loan was disbursed I was treated with respect and professionalism!

The only issue was when I came into the branch to fill out and complete my paperwork. It was very noisy and 3 people were discussing politics and it made me feel uncomfortable.
A manager did speak up and say something, but I found that behavior unacceptable.

Mercedes to her credit kept being professional and we completed what was necessary. Thank you Mercedes!!"
Excellent customer service and efforts to assist customers
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
Chris was very patient with us and made sure that we know what we were getting into so there would be no surprises along the way.
So far I had a good experience with you guys 10/10 friendly people
"Akisha was patient, knowledgeable and very attentive to our needs."
It was smooth and seemless. It was a professional process.
I have been a customer of One Main for years and have always had a positive experience.. Thank you Ashley and Staff for another opportunity to work with you!
Quick and very efficient plus beneficial results along with kind smart employees.
"Kelsey and her colleagues got me an even better deal for my personal loan, than all my previous research and calls. Real good experts, and they have the extra edge of maximizing your deal by being available for live discussion."
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"Keith who was the agent that service was very pleasant to work with, he was very knowlegable and kind. he assisted me with any questions i had and knew the answers."
"Was very helpful, explained all options"
The process was easy and staff are super helpful and walk you through everything.
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
Mike was a very good representative of One Main. He was very helpful and informative. I rate him as 5. I rated my experience as 4. I don't understand why I need to go in each time otherwise I would rate my experience as a 5.
How easy it was Ms Nissa talked me through everything I needed to know
Was fast had the funding the next day. I spent maybe 30 minutes in the office to finalize the loan I definitely will be back
"I have received several loans over the past 10 years. Borrowed and then paid them off. Each time has been a good experience with your financial reps. But I have to say this past loan taken on 10/04/2023 with the Palatka office was by far the most easy going , no judgement felt and just a very pleasurable experience because of Tammy. She made me feel so comfortable with the over the phone process. She was so patient and very kind. I felt like I was talking to a real friend. I will always come to OneMain Financial for all my needs because of your quick turnaround and mostly because I was helped by Tammy. I will continue to use the Palatka office from now on. Thank You for hiring such a smart, kind and very helpful person like Tammy."
"i loved all the great help and su

pport,everyone did a great job.thanks for everything."
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
It was quick and people were very professional.
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
The process was quite easy....and the staff was very friendly. The only downside is company's website...it's not very user friendly an I had to make a few calls to get assistance..
Kim was great very money in bank next day great at her job.
"Your company hires friendly people. They make you feel comfortable from the phone call to a visit. I've had a few accounts that I have paid off with Mary and now Connie and Liz in the Porterville Branch, Thank you very much , Norma Narvaiz :"
Brandy was the best. She was clear and explained everything.
Made sure I understand my options
It fast passes the lady was very friendly
Helpful and very knowledgeable! Thank you so much!!
Chris was a great advocate for my needs. Service took longer than average time others mentioned but Chris’ professionalism and keeping me in the loop made the transaction worthwhile. I appreciated his integrity and honesty.
The Staff were proficient in every aspect of their job. Job well done keep up the good work.
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"The Representative was very helpful, knowledgeable and extremely patient with helping complete the necessary step...I'm truly grateful to her"
"Extremely easy, smooth process. Full disclosure, superb customer service."
"This is my 5th loan with one main financial. I will say that every one in the company that I have worked with has been very friendly, respectful and all about business. They want me thru the application process ,
explain every thing to me so that I could under stand. I am very happy with the employees and the company. I rate the company a 5"
The team that helped me was very professional and we got this done in 3 days.
"Everyone was helpful, the loan process was easy and simple and did not take long."
The customer service is very positive and helpful to get through the process step by step. One main has definitely helped me out with my financial situation. Thank you to all who have helped
Easy peasy . Very good rep. And fast process.
Daniel was a very informative rep for this company. Little to zero trouble applying. Money in account by 10:30 am same day. Thank you
"Every aspect was a joy and pleasure. The entire process was easy and stress free
Kathy was a joy to work with. Not only did she explain everything thoroughly, she was pleasant and kind ."
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
I appreciate the perfecinalizim Chris showed while answering all of my concerns.
Great staff. Always been friendly and helpful.
"My Contact, Cecelia, was great and walked me thru everything. Also funds were delivered immediately."
"Kellie B was fantastic to work with. She was professional, friendly and so helpful throughout the entire process."
"Experience with the agent was very professional and done with fine detail. The procedures taken to process the loan was done with accuracy and wisdom. My choice in dealing with One Main is a success. Thank you for a great
Experience."
She was helpful and explained everything bout the loan and my situation that I need to do
The young man was very knowledgeable. Quick to the point in and out he was AWESOME!!!!!
"very professional,explains every detail of the loan. shows appreciation to there clients. friendly and polite"
They was very professional and friendly they really went up and above trying to help you so far I'm very happy with their servers one main.
The loan process was very fast and better than I expected. At the signing of the loan it was well explained to me and they answered all my questions. The money was transferred the same day to my account. I would go with then again in the future if needed.
Everything was amazing from start to finish. Great customer service! Highly recommend.
Having to do the paperwork on our own on the computer not everyone is proficient with this way of doing things and nobody in the dealership would help us out it took over three hours because nothing was going right we were ready to walk out several times.. Never again would we do this ..
They went above and beyond what needed to be done and made everything easier than I expected. I felt welcomed and comfortable the whole time I was there. My results have been grear.
Very professional and kind. Did not take long for a response. Very helpful in looking for a way to make it happen.
The process went very well. They explained everything and was very thorough.
"Best customer service from Kathy, honestly will refer these guys to anyone."
"Very quick, accommodating, helped me when I needed it"
Very pleasant to work with. Everything was done in a timely manner. I will refer more people. Thank you
"The service at the One Main Rolla branch is top tier! They are FAST, friendly, honest, and professional!"
excellent service from the person who attended us
My One Main agent listened to my needs closely and then presented my options. I really appreciated that.
Very nice ten workers very profesional thank you
Very helpful staff. Charlene was polite and courteous.
"Quick, courteous, and informative"
The guy that helped set up my loan and walked me through the process was wonderful. He clearly explained everything from start to finish. Helped walk me through how to upload the required documents and explained all my options and details of my loan.
Your customer service was excellent they stuck by me through the whole process till I was signing my loan documents. Thanks __
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"The associate I worked with was very professional, considerate and knowledgeable."
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
Friendly to the point good service. Easy to understand.
Kelly was amazing she helped with everything and explained everything in great detail. She was kind & made the process extremely comfortable & easy
"Customer service was great, walked me through every detail and answered all my questions. Thank you Nicole."
Very helpful and guided me through the process and friendly
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
Quick and easy process with great customer service!
I love it so much I go back just to say thank you __
The people at the Latham branch were so friendly and helpful especially Jeff he made the whole loan process so easy and smooth. Thank you Jeff for helping me out much appreciated
"I appreciate One Main’s willingness to give us a loan. The process took a really long time this time. We were asked for one document one day and another one the next day, etc. We were also asked for duplicate documents. It took almost a week before the whole process was complete."
"Kevin, did an amazing job with getting me a loan quickly. I was hesitant at first but he made the process quick and easy and was honest from the beginning so there were no surprises when it came time to sign!"
Thank you so much for helping me with my loan. Everything was easy and quick.
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
Everything went smooth and quickly. The loan agent that I worked with was very thorough and pleasant.
Very polite explained everything very good for me to understand.
"Excellent customer service...
Made it easy to do business"
Selina was very pleasant and helpful. Gave me some options to consider and the whole process was a breeze.
The staff there was extremely fast and very polite Lisa who handled my loan went and told me everything interest perks to the loan payments both of the lady there were absolutely fantastic anyone that needs a loan I seriously highly recommend you see the lady's at one main financial on treasury drive Cleveland tenn
The sales person was well informed. friendly and efficient. A pleasure to speak with and patient
"Awesome, fast, nice people, I don’t think I could find a better service thanks Meghan"
"I had a great experience working with Elaine at One Main Financial. She was able to answer all my questions, was very prompt in getting back to me and was excellent in spelling out the next steps. At closing, everyone I met was friendly and professional. I am so happy to have worked with them. I highly recommend them!"
I was help by Jacqueline forgot last name. The process was easy and fast with her help. She explained everything really clear. Any questions that I had she explained it with details.
"Very friendly, told us each step they needed out of us. Things just went smooth."
Taylor walked me thru everything. Nice experience.
Never had a bad experience. Very professional and transparent.
"Fast, clear, friendly"
"It was pretty smooth transition
I appreciate the employees with one Main"
The customer service was great but the interest rate of 30 percent I think is close to usury.
Very easy nice people. It’s my second loan there and maybe a third in the future. !!!
The loan process was easy and convenient. Most of the tedious information they needed was already entered when I got to the office. The people were very helpful and fully explained all my options. They offered alternatives to their payment plans and suggested ways to change the plans that would make it easier.
Marcie was absolutely amazing and went well above and beyond to find the best options for my needs. There was no pressure to choose any particular option or none at all. She listed out all the details in full and made sure I understood them correctly. What an absolute delight it was working with Marcie.
The whole process was seamless throughout. Company requested pertinent information which I provided and uploaded. They went through them and made their positive decision by approval of the loan. I am grateful.
Edith at the middleburg hts oh branch was totally excellent.i honestly couldn’t have asked for a better experience
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"I started my process on line. Then I found out there was an office here in Kenosha, Wisconsin. So I finished my loan process in the office with Shannon, wobbly was very helpful, Friendly, and on point with everything and had my money by the time I got home. Miss. Shannon was very professional."
Quick and efficient process. Two was extremely helpful
"The gal in the Reno office, Angelica (I believe), was very helpful."
Your company made it easy and very helpful applying for a loan. Extremely helpful understanding and answering any questions I had. Melissa was so kind and very helpful. I would definitely refer this company to my family and friends.
Customer service and all representatives were great thanks alot
The tech person was very patient and explained and worked through my query methodically and practically!
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
One main staff has always been helpful and always has come through without the hassle of other loan companies I’ve used in the past. It’s the reason I come back because one main does help.
"Very informative and detailed throughout the process of formulating and later processing my loan. One Main Financial representative team were very knowledgeable, efficient and patient in explaining the terms and options pertaining to the loan____"
I have gotten loans before they remember my name and everyone ia ao nice.
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
Linda made things so easy and explained things in a way I could understand. Would definitely recommend
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"The whole loan process was quick and simple and Autum was a huge help in returning all my calls, answering all my questions and explaining all the details. I will recommend One Financial to all my friends and family."
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"The app process is so organized and systematic as long as your documents are obtained. Jessa is vey friendly and very knowledgeable explaining the process of the loan. Overall, customer service is excellent. Thank you for all help."
"Good morning my experience with OneMain financial was totally informative and knowledgeable.RaeChele Richmond was enjoyable to work with,she was very professional and her customer service was excellent. she made me feel like things we're going to be okay and things we're going to be little better.
Thank you and your great staff,__"
Yvonne and Ruby made this experience so easy and comfortable! Thank you!!!
"Agent was very knowledgeable, fast, and friendly.."
Jaime was very helpful and made the whole process conmfortable. I have not applied for a personal loan before this so i was surprised how friendly the sevice ended up being.
"Heather was super great she explained everything very well, also she was the agent who helped me last time I received a loan from this company!"
the office personal from manager on down were amazing nice/ courteous/ and very thoughtful to my needs it was a pleasure being a repeat customer with them
The team was friendly and quick with my application process
Doreen was very helpful she explained everything very clearly. I was comfortable with my decisions and look forward to working with her in the future.
Ray make my life easier by helping me understand everything and i love they way he treated me definitely use onemain again because of Ray
"Hanna was great to work with, helpful and fast to get back to me! The whole experience was awesome! Highly recommend OneMain Financial!"
"From application to closing, everything was easy and efficient."
Everyone I talked with during my auto loan process was professional and the whole experience was easy. Your company was on top of their game and I couldn’t ask for better service and attention. I will definitely recommend OMF. Thank you again.
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"I was very surprised that I was even offered alone. And then the representatives made it easy for me to do it and get the loan successfully. And it was great because I really need it right now. e
Every time I go to one main. They're always very nice always. Mr. Curtis and my brother always talk about sports very down-to-earth. I love people like that!!"
"I appreciated the courteous, caring and professional service throughout the process."
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"Thanks for providing that loan for me, to help me pay off Taxes owed to both New York State and the IRS, when others either turned me down or offered me much less at a higher rate of interest.
Tanya made my process so easy and pleasurable, because of her Friendly personality and her Professionalism.
Will definitely recommend your firm to my relatives and friends. Thanks again."
First of all when speaking with the representative my options weren't explained in depth. Second when coming to the office so my wife can sign off on the loan her screaming across the office for her social security number was totally unprofessional.
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"
"My loan advisor was on point ,Jennifer"
Adela was so knowledgeable and friendly. Made my experience great as she explained everything with great detail and answered all my questions. I’d recommend her and one main to just about anyone.
"Date of experience: October 10, 2023"